
  ARAT:OTC US Stock Quote - Arax Holdings Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Arax Holdings Corp   ARAT:US   OTC US        USD             Volume   0    Previous Close   0.30                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Previous Close   0.30    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   10.335    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Arax Holdings Corp. is a development stage company. The Company sells hot dogs from mobile stands in Mexico. Arax's products consist of Italian sausage, Kielbasas, Barbecue and soft drinks.    Address  2329 North Career AvenueSuite 317Sioux Falls, SD 57107United States   Phone  1-605-553-2238   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Steven J Keough  Chairman/President/CEO/CFO/Secy     Show More         










ARAX HOLDINGS CORP IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ARAX HOLDINGS CORP IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ARAX HOLDINGS CORP


Company Address
SALVADOR DIAZ MIRON #87 (B Y C).COLINIA SANTA MARIA LA RIBERAMEXICO 06400


Company Phone
5215532235259


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Vladimir Leonov


Employees  (as of 4/25/2013) 
0


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
10/31


Status
Filed (1/8/2013)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.01


Shares Offered
10,000,000


Offer Amount
$100,000.00


Total Expenses
$9,500.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
18,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001566243




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of
shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per
share is $0.01. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the
sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered for sale
by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full $100,000 as
anticipated.

                                  $25,000     $50,000      $75,000     $100,000
                                  -------     -------      -------     --------
Legal and professional fees       $10,000     $10,000      $10,000     $10,000
 (associated with maintaining
 reporting status)
Obtaining Permits                 $ 1,000     $ 2,000      $ 4,000     $ 6,000
Developing website/hosting        $   550     $ 3,000      $ 3,000     $ 3,000
Hot Dog machines
(5-10-20-30 machines)             $10,900     $21,800      $43,600     $65,400
Advertising                       $ 1,550     $10,200      $11,400     $12,600
Office                            $ 1,000     $ 3,000      $ 3,000     $ 3,000

We do not intend to use any of the proceeds from the offering to pay for the
cost of the offering. The cost of the offering shall be loaned us from Mr.
Leonov.

The above figures represent only estimated costs. Vladimir Leonov, our
president, has verbally agreed to lend funds to pay for the registration process
and lend funds to implement our business plan and to help maintain a reporting
status with the SEC in the form of a non-secured loan for the next twelve months
and after effectiveness of our registration statement until we complete our
offering as the expenses are incurred if no other proceeds are obtained by the
Company, However, the verbal agreement is not binding and that there is no
guarantee that we will receive such loans. The amounts actually spent by us for
any specific purpose may vary and will depend on a number of factors. Non-fixed
cost, sales and marketing and general and administrative costs may vary
depending on the business progress and development efforts, general business
conditions and market reception to our services. Accordingly, our management has
broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds to non-fixed costs.

An example of changes to this spending allocation for non-fixed costs include
management deciding to spend less of the allotment on product development and
more on sales and marketing. Such changes to spending may occur due to seasonal
variations in market demand for our products and services relative to when the
funds are received.


The completion in our industry is extremely high including pizza, taco and other
food services. Most of our competitors have greater financial resources and may
be able to withstand sales or price decreases better than we can. We also expect
to continue to face competition from new market entrants. We may be unable to
continue to compete effectively with these existing or new competitors, which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.


Company Description
We are a development stage company and we are in the business of selling hot
dogs from mobile stands in Mexico. We plan to spread our operation throughout
Mexico's major cities. As our business expands we plan to serve our customers
some other food from our mobile stands, like Italian sausage,


 Kielbasas,
Barbecue and soft drinks. Taking advantage of mobility of our hot dog stands we
are going to move in between and place them at the most popular tourist places
like beaches and sport sites events for each specific time. We do not have
customers or hot dog stands and we currently have minimal operations. We intend
to place such hot dog stands in places we believe are popular places for
tourists and places with high volume of people traffic.

Being a development stage company, we have no revenues and have limited
operating history. Arax Holdings Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on Feb 23,
2012. To date we have prepared a business plan and purchased one hot dog
machine.

Our principal executive office is located at Salvador Diaz Miron #87 Locales 
B y C. Colonia Santa Maria la Ribera, Mexico DF, C.P. 06400. Our phone number 
is 1-786-404-1183.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$6,218


Total Assets
$2,374






Total Liabilities
$671


Stockholders' Equity
$1,703




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/25/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/17/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/11/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/1/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
3/21/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
2/21/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1
1/8/2013
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Ronald R.  Chadwick, P.C


Company Counsel
David Lubin & Associates, PLLC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            One year after IPO, Japanese chat app Line reports drop in user numbers
                        



	                     4:16AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Top EU court adviser says Coty can block retailers from online sales
                        



	                     4:14AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            India e-tailer Snapdeal's board accepts Flipkart's up to $950 mln buyout -sources
                        



	                     4:00AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Jumei Announces Resignation of Director
                        



	                     3:49AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX









































    ARAT Key Statistics - Arax Holdings Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Arax Holdings Corp.

                  OTC: ARAT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Arax Holdings Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 5, 2016, 5:20 p.m.


ARAT

/quotes/zigman/38332082/delayed


$
0.30




Change

-0.05
-14.29%

Volume
Volume 305
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/38332082/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.35
		


$
				0.30
			
Change

-0.05
-14.29%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Arax Holdings Corp. is a development stage company, which engages in the selling of hot dogs. It intends to sell hot dogs from mobile hot dog stands throughout the major cities in Mexico. The company was founded on February 23, 2012 and is headquartered in Sioux Falls, SD.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-117.65


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-18.23


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-121.49

Efficiency


Profitability
Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Steven J. Keough 
60
2014
Chairman, President, CEO, CFO & Secretary





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/arat

      MarketWatch News on ARAT
    
No News currently available for ARAT





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/arat

      Other News on ARAT
    




 10-Q: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
3:40 p.m. June 14, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q/A: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
7:18 a.m. March 6, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q/A: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
7:14 a.m. March 6, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Arax Holdings Corp.
2329 North Career Avenue
Suite 317

Sioux Falls, South Dakota 57107




Phone
1 6055532238


Industry
Restaurants


Sector
Leisure/Arts/Hospitality


Fiscal Year-end
10/2016


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
$-29,774


Employees

        -


Annual Report for ARAT











/news/pressrelease/company/us/arat

      Press Releases on ARAT
    
No News currently available for ARAT







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:31 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:13aFTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up; GDP data on deck 
3:51aBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
3:50a3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash
3:50aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
3:31aNintendo holds to Switch sales view despite demand
3:21aPetrofac wins $100 million in contracts in Iraq
3:10aGKN earnings rise, offers upbeat 2017 outlook 
3:09aFrench consumer confidence drops sharply
3:09aTullow Oil swings to loss on impairment
3:07aITV rises 2.7% after dividend hike 
3:05aGermany's DAX opens 1 point lower at 12,262.19
3:05aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,166.18 
3:04aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,450.08
3:04aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 381.02
3:00aAntofagasta gold, copper production rises 
2:46aThree ways Draghi could burn the euro bulls
2:33aFresnillo gold, silver production rises
2:32aITV profit falls 16%, but dividend is raised
2:32aHow China, not Trump trade, is now lifting copper
2:30aAustralian inflation more muted than seen
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


































































ARAX HOLDINGS CORP IPO: News - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO News





ARAX HOLDINGS CORP IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ARAX HOLDINGS CORP


Company Address
SALVADOR DIAZ MIRON #87 (B Y C).COLINIA SANTA MARIA LA RIBERAMEXICO 06400


Company Phone
5215532235259


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Vladimir Leonov


Employees  (as of 4/25/2013) 
0


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
10/31


Status
Filed (1/8/2013)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.01


Shares Offered
10,000,000


Offer Amount
$100,000.00


Total Expenses
$9,500.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
18,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001566243




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of
shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per
share is $0.01. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the
sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered for sale
by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full $100,000 as
anticipated.

                                  $25,000     $50,000      $75,000     $100,000
                                  -------     -------      -------     --------
Legal and professional fees       $10,000     $10,000      $10,000     $10,000
 (associated with maintaining
 reporting status)
Obtaining Permits                 $ 1,000     $ 2,000      $ 4,000     $ 6,000
Developing website/hosting        $   550     $ 3,000      $ 3,000     $ 3,000
Hot Dog machines
(5-10-20-30 machines)             $10,900     $21,800      $43,600     $65,400
Advertising                       $ 1,550     $10,200      $11,400     $12,600
Office                            $ 1,000     $ 3,000      $ 3,000     $ 3,000

We do not intend to use any of the proceeds from the offering to pay for the
cost of the offering. The cost of the offering shall be loaned us from Mr.
Leonov.

The above figures represent only estimated costs. Vladimir Leonov, our
president, has verbally agreed to lend funds to pay for the registration process
and lend funds to implement our business plan and to help maintain a reporting
status with the SEC in the form of a non-secured loan for the next twelve months
and after effectiveness of our registration statement until we complete our
offering as the expenses are incurred if no other proceeds are obtained by the
Company, However, the verbal agreement is not binding and that there is no
guarantee that we will receive such loans. The amounts actually spent by us for
any specific purpose may vary and will depend on a number of factors. Non-fixed
cost, sales and marketing and general and administrative costs may vary
depending on the business progress and development efforts, general business
conditions and market reception to our services. Accordingly, our management has
broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds to non-fixed costs.

An example of changes to this spending allocation for non-fixed costs include
management deciding to spend less of the allotment on product development and
more on sales and marketing. Such changes to spending may occur due to seasonal
variations in market demand for our products and services relative to when the
funds are received.


The completion in our industry is extremely high including pizza, taco and other
food services. Most of our competitors have greater financial resources and may
be able to withstand sales or price decreases better than we can. We also expect
to continue to face competition from new market entrants. We may be unable to
continue to compete effectively with these existing or new competitors, which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.


Company Description
We are a development stage company and we are in the business of selling hot
dogs from mobile stands in Mexico. We plan to spread our operation throughout
Mexico's major cities. As our business expands we plan to serve our customers
some other food from our mobile stands, like Italian sausage,


 Kielbasas,
Barbecue and soft drinks. Taking advantage of mobility of our hot dog stands we
are going to move in between and place them at the most popular tourist places
like beaches and sport sites events for each specific time. We do not have
customers or hot dog stands and we currently have minimal operations. We intend
to place such hot dog stands in places we believe are popular places for
tourists and places with high volume of people traffic.

Being a development stage company, we have no revenues and have limited
operating history. Arax Holdings Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on Feb 23,
2012. To date we have prepared a business plan and purchased one hot dog
machine.

Our principal executive office is located at Salvador Diaz Miron #87 Locales 
B y C. Colonia Santa Maria la Ribera, Mexico DF, C.P. 06400. Our phone number 
is 1-786-404-1183.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$6,218


Total Assets
$2,374






Total Liabilities
$671


Stockholders' Equity
$1,703




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 7 Total: 7
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/25/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/17/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/11/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
4/1/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
3/21/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1/A
2/21/2013
Filing



ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
S-1
1/8/2013
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Ronald R.  Chadwick, P.C


Company Counsel
David Lubin & Associates, PLLC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            One year after IPO, Japanese chat app Line reports drop in user numbers
                        



	                     4:16AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Top EU court adviser says Coty can block retailers from online sales
                        



	                     4:14AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            India e-tailer Snapdeal's board accepts Flipkart's up to $950 mln buyout -sources
                        



	                     4:00AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Jumei Announces Resignation of Director
                        



	                     3:49AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX






































Arax Holdings Corp. (ARAT.PK)  Quote| Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Arax Holdings Corp. (ARAT.PK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataRestaurants & Bars












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        










				ARAT.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.30USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.30


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

--




52-wk High

$0.30


52-wk Low

$0.30










ARAT.PK








					About


		Arax Holdings Corp. is a shell company. The Company intends to pursue business activity in the life sciences sector of the United States and also internationally. The Company was formed for selling hot dogs from mobile hot dog stands across various cities in Mexico. The Company has not generated any revenues.





					Buy/Sell



No analyst recommendations are available for ARAT.PK.

» Analyst Consensus





					Overall





Beta:
--


Market Cap(Mil.):
$3.10


Shares Outstanding(Mil.):
10.34


Dividend:
--


Yield (%):
--








					Financials





 
ARAT.PK
Industry
Sector


P/E (TTM):

				--

				91.71

				20.01


EPS (TTM):

				-0.05

				--

				--


ROI:

				--

				-115.88

				10.66


ROE:

				--

				27.88

				13.35












					Latest News about ARAT.PK




» More ARAT.PK News











 Earnings vs.  Estimates


		No consensus analysis data available.

















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataRestaurants & Bars




















Arax Holdings Corp ARAT Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                       Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Investment & Asset Management  > Arax Holdings Corp     Plunkett Research Online: Arax Holdings Corp    ARAX HOLDINGS CORP (ARAT:PINX) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTArax Holdings Corp., is a development stage company...... Arax Holdings Corp  Ticker: ARATExchange: PINXParent Company: Year Established: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 605 553-2238Fax: Address: 2329 North Career AvenueSuite 317Sioux Falls, SD 57107 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:  Holding Companies Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Steven KeoughCEO/CFO/Chairman of the Board/Director/President/Secretary/Treasurer Arax Holdings Corp., is a development stage company......See More See More Auditor: Cutler & Co., LLC Legal Advisor:    Financial Details  Compare to Industry Averages  Build Custom Table  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers,  except marked * or %201520142013Financials    Revenue    Cost of Revenue    Gross  Margin %    R&D Expense    Operating  Income    Operating  Margin %    SGA Expense    Net  Income    Earnings Per Share    Dividends    Book Value Per Share    Operating  Cash  Flow    Capital  Expenditure    Free  Cash  FlowProfitability    EBITDA    Return on Assets %    Return on Equity %    Net  Margin %    Assets  Turnover    Financial  LeverageBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  Other ThoughtsCorporate CultureApparent Female Officers or Directors:     Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












     ARAT Company Profile & Executives - Arax Holdings Corp. - Wall Street Journal                                  DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              Stoxx 600 ▲  383.02 0.59%        Nikkei ▲  20050.16 0.48%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  6/32 yield 2.316%        Crude Oil ▲  48.41 1.09%        Euro ▲  1.1628 -0.18%        DJIA ▲  21613.43 0.47%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 26, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In             Arax Holdings Corp. ARAT (U.S.: OTC)      search    View All companies           AT CLOSE 5:20 PM EDT 07/05/16     $0.30 USD     -0.05 -14.29%     Volume 305       Volume 305     65 Day Avg Vol      1 Day Range 0.00 - 0.00     52 Week Range            1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Leisure/Arts/Hospitality      Compare to    Add          Open  0.00   Prior Close  0.35 (N/A)     1 Day    ARAT -14.29%     DJIA 0.47%     Russell 2K 0.86%     Leisure/Arts/Hospitality 0.00%                             Overview Profile     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              Company Info Arax Holdings Corp.        2329 North Career Avenue Sioux Falls South Dakota 57107 United States   Map       Employees  -    Sector  Restaurants      Sales or Revenue  -    Industry  Leisure/Arts/Hospitality      1Y Sales Change  -    Fiscal Year Ends  October 31 Download Reports                      Description Arax Holdings Corp.      Arax Holdings Corp. is a development stage company, which engages in the selling of hot dogs. It intends to sell hot dogs from mobile hot dog stands throughout the major cities in Mexico. The company was founded on February 23, 2012 and is headquartered in Sioux Falls, SD.    expand             Key People Arax Holdings Corp.   Board of Directors    Name/Title Current Board Membership          Steven J. Keough, 60  Chairman, President, CEO, CFO & Secretary   Arax Holdings Corp.       expand    All Executives     Steven J. Keough Chairman, President, CEO, CFO & Secretary      expand         Advertisement            Average Growth Rates Arax Holdings Corp.   Past Five Years Ending 10/31/2015 (Fiscal Year)     Revenue  -    Net Income  -    Earnings Per Share  -      Capital Spending  -    Gross Margin  -    Cash Flow  -             Insider Trading Arax Holdings Corp.   Transaction SummaryTotal Insider Purchases and Sales Reported to the SEC Data not available.   Data not available.           Ownership Arax Holdings Corp.    Mutual Funds that own ARAT Data not available.     Institutions that own ARAT Data not available.             Overview Profile    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                 

ARAT Stock Price - Arax Holdings Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,848.62


4.20


0.15%











Gold

1,252.30


-6.20


-0.49%











Oil

48.41


0.52


1.09%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








4:13a

FTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up; GDP data on deck 



3:50a

Updated
Brits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets



3:49a

Updated
3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash



3:49a

Updated
Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017



3:31a

Nintendo holds to Switch sales view despite demand



3:20a

Petrofac wins $100 million in contracts in Iraq



3:09a

GKN earnings rise, offers upbeat 2017 outlook 



3:08a

French consumer confidence drops sharply



3:08a

Tullow Oil swings to loss on impairment



3:07a

Updated
ITV rises 2.7% after dividend hike 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ARAT


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



ARAT
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Arax Holdings Corp.

Watchlist 
CreateARATAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 5, 2016 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.30



-0.05
-14.29%






Previous Close




$0.3500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Open: 0.00
Close: 0.30



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range




Market Cap
$3.51M



Shares Outstanding
10.34M



Public Float
2.3M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a




 


Performance






  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
10-Q: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP

Jun. 14, 2017 at 3:40 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP


Mar. 6, 2017 at 6:18 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP


Mar. 6, 2017 at 6:14 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)







No Headlines Available








Arax Holdings Corp.


            
            Arax Holdings Corp. is a development stage company, which engages in the selling of hot dogs. It intends to sell hot dogs from mobile hot dog stands throughout the major cities in Mexico. The company was founded on February 23, 2012 and is headquartered in Sioux Falls, SD.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




USA Technologies Inc.
0.00%
$277.39M


UBL Interactive Inc.
0.00%
$37.02K


Tomichi Creek Outfitters
-1.87%
$9.86M


NuLife Sciences Inc.
-32.58%
$13.83M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








NTDOY

-3.54%








X

2.69%








T

-0.03%








CMG

2.54%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:31 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:13aFTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up; GDP data on deck 
3:51aBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
3:50a3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash
3:50aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
3:31aNintendo holds to Switch sales view despite demand
3:21aPetrofac wins $100 million in contracts in Iraq
3:10aGKN earnings rise, offers upbeat 2017 outlook 
3:09aFrench consumer confidence drops sharply
3:09aTullow Oil swings to loss on impairment
3:07aITV rises 2.7% after dividend hike 
3:05aGermany's DAX opens 1 point lower at 12,262.19
3:05aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,166.18 
3:04aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,450.08
3:04aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 381.02
3:00aAntofagasta gold, copper production rises 
2:46aThree ways Draghi could burn the euro bulls
2:33aFresnillo gold, silver production rises
2:32aITV profit falls 16%, but dividend is raised
2:32aHow China, not Trump trade, is now lifting copper
2:30aAustralian inflation more muted than seen
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:31 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:13aFTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up; GDP data on deck 
3:51aBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
3:50a3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash
3:50aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
3:31aNintendo holds to Switch sales view despite demand
3:21aPetrofac wins $100 million in contracts in Iraq
3:10aGKN earnings rise, offers upbeat 2017 outlook 
3:09aFrench consumer confidence drops sharply
3:09aTullow Oil swings to loss on impairment
3:07aITV rises 2.7% after dividend hike 
3:05aGermany's DAX opens 1 point lower at 12,262.19
3:05aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,166.18 
3:04aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,450.08
3:04aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 381.02
3:00aAntofagasta gold, copper production rises 
2:46aThree ways Draghi could burn the euro bulls
2:33aFresnillo gold, silver production rises
2:32aITV profit falls 16%, but dividend is raised
2:32aHow China, not Trump trade, is now lifting copper
2:30aAustralian inflation more muted than seen
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




4:31 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:13aFTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up; GDP data on deck 
3:51aBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
3:50a3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash
3:50aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
3:31aNintendo holds to Switch sales view despite demand
3:21aPetrofac wins $100 million in contracts in Iraq
3:10aGKN earnings rise, offers upbeat 2017 outlook 
3:09aFrench consumer confidence drops sharply
3:09aTullow Oil swings to loss on impairment
3:07aITV rises 2.7% after dividend hike 
3:05aGermany's DAX opens 1 point lower at 12,262.19
3:05aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,166.18 
3:04aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,450.08
3:04aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 381.02
3:00aAntofagasta gold, copper production rises 
2:46aThree ways Draghi could burn the euro bulls
2:33aFresnillo gold, silver production rises
2:32aITV profit falls 16%, but dividend is raised
2:32aHow China, not Trump trade, is now lifting copper
2:30aAustralian inflation more muted than seen
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































ARAT Stock Price - Arax Holdings Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,848.64


4.22


0.15%











Gold

1,252.30


-6.20


-0.49%











Oil

48.40


0.51


1.06%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








4:13a

FTSE 100 gains ground as ITV bounces up; GDP data on deck 



3:50a

Updated
Brits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets



3:49a

Updated
3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash



3:49a

Updated
Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017



3:31a

Nintendo holds to Switch sales view despite demand



3:20a

Petrofac wins $100 million in contracts in Iraq



3:09a

GKN earnings rise, offers upbeat 2017 outlook 



3:08a

French consumer confidence drops sharply



3:08a

Tullow Oil swings to loss on impairment



3:07a

Updated
ITV rises 2.7% after dividend hike 












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ARAT


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



ARAT
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Arax Holdings Corp.

Watchlist 
CreateARATAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 5, 2016 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.30



-0.05
-14.29%






Previous Close




$0.3500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Open: 0.00
Close: 0.30



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range




Market Cap
$3.51M



Shares Outstanding
10.34M



Public Float
2.3M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a




 


Performance






  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP
10-Q: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP

Jun. 14, 2017 at 3:40 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP


Mar. 6, 2017 at 6:18 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: ARAX HOLDINGS CORP


Mar. 6, 2017 at 6:14 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)







No Headlines Available








Arax Holdings Corp.


            
            Arax Holdings Corp. is a development stage company, which engages in the selling of hot dogs. It intends to sell hot dogs from mobile hot dog stands throughout the major cities in Mexico. The company was founded on February 23, 2012 and is headquartered in Sioux Falls, SD.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




USA Technologies Inc.
0.00%
$277.39M


UBL Interactive Inc.
0.00%
$37.02K


Tomichi Creek Outfitters
-1.87%
$9.86M


NuLife Sciences Inc.
-32.58%
$13.83M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








NTDOY

-3.54%








X

2.69%








T

-0.03%








CMG

2.54%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.










