 


            Micron Technology, Inc. - Richard M. Beyer
        

















































Global




China


Italy


Japan


Malaysia


Singapore


Taiwan


UK


USA


Global




All Micron product information and support are provided on the Micron global website.
在Micron全球网站提供有Micron产品的所有信息和支持
Tutte le informazioni sui prodotti Micron e il loro supporto sono disponibili sul sito globale di Micron.




Investor Relations


Micron Blogs


Jobs


Contact


Sales Network



                            Sign Up
                        



				            Login
			            





















Recommended Results





See all search results for ''

Search









Enter your FBGA Code to search for your part:

Please enter a FBGA Code.

FBGA Code







To find a model for a specific part, enter the part number or choose a technology:

No part found



or

Family



Technology












Add
Email

Google+


LinkedIn


Twitter


Facebook









Add Bookmark(s)






To:





Cancel







Email




Bookmark(s) shared successfully!
Please provide at least one email address.

To (email addresses, comma separated):

Note (optional):


Send me a Copy

Cancel







Home


About


Our Company


Leadership







Richard M. Beyer







Leadership


Sanjay Mehrotra


April Arnzen


Jeffrey M. Bader


Scott J. DeBoer


Thomas T. Eby


Ernie Maddock


Karen Metz


Joel Poppen


Michael J. Rayfield


Michael Sadler


Sumit Sadana


Trevor Schulze


Brian Shirley


Darren Thomas


Steven L. Thorsen, Jr.


Jeff VerHeul





Richard M. Beyer
Richard M. Beyer was Chairman and CEO of Freescale Semiconductor from 2008 through June 2012. Prior to Freescale, Mr. Beyer was President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Intersil Corporation from 2002 to 2008. He has also previously served in executive management roles at FVC.com, VLSI Technology and National Semiconductor Corporation.
Mr. Beyer served three years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps. He earned a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in Russian from Georgetown University and a master's of business administration in marketing and international business from Columbia University Graduate School of Business. Mr. Beyer also serves on the Board of Directors for Analog Devices, Inc. and Dialog Semiconductor.















Beyer, Richard M. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Richard M. Beyer
RICHARD M. BEYER  is President and Chief Executive Officer of FVC.COM in
Santa Clara, California. Mr. Beyer joined FVC.COM in January, 1999, to
propel this world leader in enterprise video networking into the next
millennium. FVC.COM offers a broad family of interactive video,
streaming video and multi-service access products.  Designed for high-
quality video delivery, integrated with voice and data, these products
enable applications such as distance learning, corporate communications,
virtual meetings and telemedicine. With unique expertise in video over
broadband, IP, and legacy networks, FVC.COM delivers all types of video
across enterprise Intranets and the Next Generation Internet (NGI).
Prior to joining FVC.COM, Mr. Beyer was President and Chief Operating
Officer of VLSI Technology, Inc. in San Jose, California from 1996
through 1998, and was responsible for all semiconductor activities,
including all product divisions, the manufacturing operations, and
corporate communications. During Mr. Beyer’s tenure, VLSI designed and
manufactured custom integrated circuits for specific target markets,
including wireless communications, networking, consumer digital
entertainment and advanced computing markets.  Before joining VLSI
Technology, Inc., Mr. Beyer was Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer of National Semiconductor. He assumed that position in
June, 1995. Mr. Beyer joined National Semiconductor in February 1993,
and was the President of the company’s Communications and Computing
Group.  During Mr. Beyer’s tenure, National Semiconductor was a Fortune
500 corporation. Before joining National, Mr. Beyer served in a number
of senior managerial positions in the telecommunications and computer
industries. He was Vice President and General Manager of the Switching
Systems Division of Rockwell International. Previously, he was a
Division Vice President  and General  Manager at ITT Telecom (and then
within Alcatel after its acquisition of ITT Telecom). Prior to
affiliation with Alcatel/ITT, Mr. Beyer was a management consultant with
Booz, Allen & Hamilton, Inc., a  New York management consulting firm. He
also held senior management positions with Burroughs Corporation in
London and Vienna, overseeing that company’s business activities in the
former USSR and Eastern Europe.  Mr. Beyer served three years as an
Officer in the United States Marine Corps. He holds a B.S. and an M.S.
in Russian from Georgetown University as well as an M.B.A. degree in
marketing and international business from Columbia  University.
Related Interviews:Richard M. Beyer -  Fvc.com Inc (fvcx)April 26, 1999







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google


















Richard M. Beyer - Fvc.com Inc (fvcx) - The Wall Street Transcript
















































 






































Technology >> CEO Interviews >> April 26, 1999 Richard M. Beyer –  Fvc.com Inc (fvcx)
RICHARD M. BEYER  is President and Chief Executive Officer of FVC.COM in
Santa Clara, California. Mr. Beyer joined FVC.COM in January, 1999, to
propel this world leader in enterprise video networking into the next
millennium. FVC.COM offers a broad family of interactive video,
streaming video and multi-service access products.  Designed for high-
quality video delivery, integrated with voice and data, these products
enable applications such as distance learning, corporate communications,
virtual meetings and telemedicine. With unique expertise in video over
broadband, IP, and legacy networks, FVC.COM delivers all types of video
across enterprise Intranets and the Next Generation Internet (NGI).
Prior to joining FVC.COM, Mr. Beyer was President and Chief Operating
Officer of VLSI Technology, Inc. in San Jose, California from 1996
through 1998, and was responsible for all semiconductor activities,
including all product divisions, the manufacturing operations, and
corporate communications. During Mr. Beyer's tenure, VLSI designed and
manufactured custom integrated circuits for specific target markets,
including wireless communications, networking, consumer digital
entertainment and advanced computing markets.  Before joining VLSI
Technology, Inc., Mr. Beyer was Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer of National Semiconductor. He assumed that position in
June, 1995. Mr. Beyer joined National Semiconductor in February 1993,
and was the President of the company's Communications and Computing
Group.  During Mr. Beyer's tenure, National Semiconductor was a Fortune
500 corporation. Before joining National, Mr. Beyer served in a number
of senior managerial positions in the telecommunications and computer
industries. He was Vice President and General Manager of the Switching
Systems Division of Rockwell International. Previously, he was a
Division Vice President  and General  Manager at ITT Telecom (and then
within Alcatel after its acquisition of ITT Telecom). Prior to
affiliation with Alcatel/ITT, Mr. Beyer was a management consultant with
Booz, Allen & Hamilton, Inc., a  New York management consulting firm. He
also held senior management positions with Burroughs Corporation in
London and Vienna, overseeing that company's business activities in the
former USSR and Eastern Europe.  Mr. Beyer served three years as an
Officer in the United States Marine Corps. He holds a B.S. and an M.S.
in Russian from Georgetown University as well as an M.B.A. degree in
marketing and international business from Columbia  University. Profile


TWST: Let's start out by your giving us a capsule description ofFVC.COM-your history, products, customer, those kinds of things? Mr. Beyer:  The company was started in October of '93 by
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















Richard M. Beyer - Wikipedia





















 






Richard M. Beyer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Richard M. Beyer was the Chairman and CEO of Freescale Semiconductor from 2008 until 2012.[1]
Early life and career[edit]
Beyer served three years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps. He holds a BS and MS from Georgetown University and an MBA from Columbia Business School.[2]
Beyer served as President and CEO of Elantec Semiconductor for 2000 to 2002. He served as CEO of Intersil from 2002 to 2008. He joined Freescale Semiconductor in 2008 as CEO and resigned as CEO in May 2012. Prior to joining Elantec, Beyer served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Director of VLSI Technology from 1996 to 1998. Prior to his term at VLSI, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of National Semiconductor from 1995 to 1996 and President of National Semiconductor's Communications and Computing Group from 1993 to 1995.[3]
In 2012, Beyer won the EE Times ACE award for Executive of the Year.[4]
References[edit]


^ http://media.freescale.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=196520&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=1108023&highlight=
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/2008/02/13/idUS244854+13-Feb-2008+BW20080213
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=212495&ticker=FSL:US&previousCapId=311359&previousTitle=Philips%20Semiconductors%2C%20Inc
^ http://www.eetimes.com/electronics-news/4370029/Slideshow--EE-Times--EDN-honor-2012-ACE-Award-winners





This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Richard_M._Beyer&oldid=788521002"					
Categories: American chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleColumbia Business School alumniGeorgetown University alumniLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executive stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 22:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Richard M Beyer - Los Altos, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Richard M Beyer in Los Altos, CA


Richard M Beyer

                                                                           Intelius found that Richard M Beyer  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Los Altos, CA.  We have connected them to
                20 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Richard Michael Beyer
Rich  Beyer
Richard Nikk Beyer


Get Report Now

Age

Richard M Beyer is in his 60s

Richard Has Lived In

Los Altos, CA
Douglas Flat, CA
Murphys, CA

Richard's Relatives

Nikki Beyer
Margaret Christensen
Madeline Beyer
Christopher Beyer







Richard M Beyer



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board Member at Credence Systems Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Richard? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Richard, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Richard M Beyer
Get a Criminal Check on Richard M Beyer
Get a Public Record Report on Richard M Beyer
Get a People Search Report on Richard M Beyer


Richard M Beyer's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Richard M Beyer has lived as well as Richard M Beyer's phone numbers and email addresses.




Richard M Beyer Has Lived in 5 States
California Address for Richard M Beyer


13503 W F****** R* 

Los Altos, CA


Has Lived In

Los Altos, CA
Douglas Flat, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Richard M Beyer

(650) ***-**** - Los Altos, CA 
(408) ***-**** - Milpitas, CA 
(408) ***-**** - Milpitas, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Richard M Beyer

r*******r@***.com
r****r@***.org
r***********r@***.com


Get Email Report




Richard M Beyer's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Richard M Beyer's academic history.  Find out which schools Richard M Beyer attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Richard M Beyer received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richard M Beyer Has Attended 8 Schools
Columbia Business School 1975 – 1977               Richard M Beyer has a Master of Business Administration (mba), Marketing/international Business in Marketing/international Business               
Columbia Business School               1975 – 1977               Richard M Beyer has a Master of Business Administration (mba) in Marketing/international Business               
Georgetown University               1973 – 1974               Richard M Beyer has a Master of Science (m.s.), Russian Language and Literature in Russian Language and Literature               
Georgetown University               1973 – 1974               Richard M Beyer has a Master of Science (m.s.) in Russian Language and Literature               
Georgetown University               1966 – 1970               Richard M Beyer has a Bachelor of Science (bs), Russian Language and Literature in Russian Language and Literature               
Georgetown University               1966 – 1970               Richard M Beyer has a Bachelor of Science (bs) in Russian Language and Literature               
Leningrad State University named After A.S. Pushkin               1967 – 1967                              
Leningrad State University named After A.S. Pushkin               1967 – 1967               Richard M Beyer has a  Russian Language               


Richard M Beyer's Professional Information
Information regarding Richard M Beyer's professional history.  Find out previous places Richard M Beyer has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Richard M Beyer Has Worked at 30 Places
Company: Credence Systems Corporation
               Title: Board Member
Company: Intersil Corporation
               Title: Managing Director
Richard M Beyer's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Credence Systems Corporation
Job Details
               Credence Systems Corporation is a global provider of automated test equipment (ATE) solutions to the high growth, consumer semiconductor industry. Credence is committed to deliver the highest standards of value -- an optimal combination of technology, turn-around time, reliability, ease of use, service and support -- to every customer, which enables important cost and performance advantages for integrated device manufacturers (IDMs), wafer foundries, outsource assembly and test (OSAT) suppliers and fabless chip companies worldwide. An ISO 9001-certified company with a presence in 20 countries, Credence is headquartered in Milpitas, California.
Title: Managing Director
               Company: Intersil Corporation
Job Details
               Intersil Corporation is a leading provider of innovative power management and precision analog solutions. The company's products form the building blocks of increasingly intelligent, mobile and power hungry electronics, enabling advances in power management to improve efficiency and extend battery life. With a deep portfolio of intellectual property and a rich history of design and process innovation, Intersil is the trusted partner to leading companies in some of the world's largest markets, including industrial and infrastructure, mobile computing, automotive and aerospace.
Additional Professional Information on Richard M Beyer

 See Richard M Beyer's LinkedIn Profile



Richard M Beyer's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Richard M Beyer


Richard M Beyer's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Richard M Beyer's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Richard Beyer
Username Matches

                  RichardBeyer
                  BeyerRichard
                  Richard.Beyer
                  Beyer.Richard
                  Richard_Beyer
                  Beyer_Richard
                  Richard-Beyer
                  Beyer-Richard
                  RBeyer
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Beyer







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














MU Richard M. Beyer Insider Trades for Micron Technology Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Micron Technology Inc.

                  NASDAQ: MU
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Micron Technology Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 7:59 p.m.


MU

/quotes/zigman/75433/composite


$
32.02




Change

+0.01
+0.03%

Volume
Volume 4.68m
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/75433/composite
Previous close

$
			32.00
		


$
				32.01
			
Change

+0.01
+0.03%





Day low
Day high
$31.62
$32.10










52 week low
52 week high

            $13.02
        

            $32.96
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Richard M. Beyer



Mr. Richard M. Beyer is Independent Director at Analog Devices, Inc., Chairman at Dialog Semiconductor Plc, and Independent Director at Micron Technology, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Analog Devices, Inc. and Micron Technology, Inc.
Mr. Beyer was previously employed as Chairman by Semiconductor Industry Association, President by Elantec Semiconductor, Inc., Chief Executive Officer & Director by Intersil Corp., President, Chief Executive Officer & Director by Elantec Semiconductor, Inc., President, Chief Executive Officer & Director by FVC.com, Inc., President, Chief Operating Officer & Director by VLSI Technology, Inc., Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President by National Semiconductor Corp., a Member-Manufacturing Council by US Department of Commerce, a Member-Supervisory Board by Signet Solar GmbH, and a Principal by United States Marine Corps. He also served on the board at Freescale Semiconductor, Inc., Freescale Semiconductor Ltd., Nulife Technology Corp., Credence Systems Corp., Signet Solar, Inc., and The Society of Semiconductor Industry Seniors.
He received his undergraduate degree from Georgetown University, a graduate degree from Georgetown University, and an MBA from Columbia Business School.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/19/2016
14,360


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/14/2015
13,752


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/21/2014
8,421


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/17/2013
14,143


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/22/2013
18,384


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Sanjay  Mehrotra 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Ernest E. Maddock 
Chief Financial Officer & Vice President-Finance




Mr. Trevor  Schulze 
Chief Information Officer & Vice President-IT




Mr. Michael J. Rayfield 
Senior Vice President-Mobile Business Unit




Mr. Thomas T. Eby 
Senior VP-Compute & Networking Business Unit




Dr. Scott J. DeBoer 
Executive Vice President-Technology Development




Mr. Brian M. Shirley 
Senior VP-DRAM & Emerging Memory Engineering




Mr. Jeff  VerHeul 
Senior Vice President-Non Volatile Engineering




Mr. Sumit  Sadana 
Chief Business Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Stephen S. Pawlowski 
Vice President-Advanced Computing Solutions




Mr. Darren  Thomas 
Vice President-Storage Business Unit




Mr. Kevin  Dibelius 
Director-Strategic Development




Mr. Scott  Shadley 
Senior Business Development Manager




Ms. Jennafer R. Hopkins 
Head-Government Inquiries




Mr. Michael W. Sadler 
Vice President-Corporate Development




Mr. Jay L. Hawkins 
Vice President-Micron Consumer Products Group




Mr. John F. Schreck 
Vice President-DRAM Development




Mr. Dean A. Klein 
Vice President-Memory System Development




Mr. Ricardo  Perez Botelho 
Development Head




Dr. Gurtej S. Sandhu 
Director




Mr. Kenneth  Rizvi 
Treasurer & Vice President-Finance




Mr. Steven L. Thorsen 
Senior Vice President-Worldwide Sales




Mr. Marc  Musgrove 
Head-Global Public Relations




Mr. Ivan  Donaldson 
Senior Director-Investor Relations




Ms. April L. Arnzen 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Joel L. Poppen 
Secretary, VP-Legal Affairs & General Counsel




Mr. Robert E. Switz 
Chairman




Mr. Richard M. Beyer 
Independent Director




Mr. Patrick J. Byrne 
Independent Director




Ms. Mercedes  Johnson 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence N. Mondry 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert L. Bailey 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:39 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
12:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
11:49aHow OPEC committee’s coming meeting could make or break oil prices
11:15aA grandfather’s financial advice to his grandchildren
10:39aWhy one analyst calls this the ‘chart of the week, month and potentially year’
10:07aThe cracked benchmark? Why some investors want a new standard for bonds
10:05a7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
10:03aGE’s stock falls as Jeff Immelt’s 64th and last quarter is another disappointment
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Richard M. Beyer: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 2:39 PM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Dialog Semiconductor Plc



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Richard M. Beyer  Chairman, Dialog Semiconductor PlcAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 4 Board Members in 4 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships68$196,187
Background

		Mr. Richard M. Beyer, also known as Rich, served as the Chief Executive Officer at Freescale Semiconductor Inc., and Freescale Semiconductor Holdings I Ltd., from March 17, 2008 to June 5, 2012. Mr. Beyer served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Elantec Semiconductor from July 2000 to May 2002. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of First Virtual Communications Inc. until July 2000. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Intersil ... Corp. from May 14, 2002 to February 2008 and served as its President from October 26, 2006 to April 2, 2007. He served as the President of Intersil Corp. since May 14, 2002. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of FVC.COM, Inc. from January 1999 to July 2000. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Philips Semiconductors, Inc. from July 1996 to August 1998. From June 1995 to June 1996, Mr. Beyer served as an Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of National Semiconductor Corporation. From February 1993 to May 1995, he served as the President of National Semiconductor’s Communications and Computing Group. Before joining National, he served in a number of senior managerial positions in the Telecommunications and Computer Industries. From 1989 to 1993, he served as Vice President and General Manager of the Switching Systems Division of Rockwell International ("Rockwell"), a division of Rockwell involved in communications. He served three years as an Officer in the United States Marine Corps. He has been the Chairman of Dialog Semiconductor Plc since July 15, 2013. Mr. Beyer serves as Chairman of Freescale Holdings GP Ltd., the General Partner of Freescale Holdings L.P. He served as the Chairman at Freescale Semiconductor Inc. and Freescale Semiconductor Holdings I, Ltd. from March 17, 2008 to June 5, 2012. He has been an Independent Non-Executive Director of Dialog Semiconductor Plc since February 15, 2013. He has been an Independent Director of Micron Technology, Inc. since January 22, 2013. He serves as a Director of NuLife Technology Corporation and is also on the Board of Directors of the Semiconductor Industry Association. He served as a Director of Analog Devices, Inc. since November 2013 to March 8, 2017. Mr. Beyer served as a Director of Elantec Semiconductor from July 2000 to May 2002. He served as a Director of Freescale Semiconductor Holdings I, Ltd. from 2008 to April 29, 2013. He served as a Director of Freescale Semiconductor at Freescale Semiconductor India Pvt. Ltd. Mr. Beyer served as a Director of Xceive Inc. since November 2006. He served as Director of Credence Systems Corp. from September 2003 to March 16, 2008. He served as a Director of Intersil Corporation from May 14, 2002 to February 2008. He served as Director of Signet Solar Inc. He served as Director of FVC.COM, Inc., from January 1999 to July 2000 and Philips Semiconductors, Inc. from July 1996 to August 1998. Mr. Beyer holds a BS Degree and an M.S Degree in Russian from Georgetown University as well as an MBA Degree in marketing and International Business from Columbia University in 2013.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
100 Longwater AvenueReading, Berkshire RG2 6GPUnited KingdomPhone: 44 17 9375 7700Fax: 44 11 8945 0219
Board Members Memberships
Chairman of Freescale Holdings G P LtdFreescale Holdings L.P.2013-PresentIndependent DirectorMicron Technology, Inc.2013-PresentChairmanDialog Semiconductor Plc
Education
MBA Columbia UniversityMA Georgetown UniversityMS Georgetown UniversityBA Georgetown UniversityBS Georgetown University
Other Affiliations
Credence Systems CorporationElantec Semiconductor, LLCFirst Virtual Communications Inc.Intersil CorporationAnalog Devices, Inc.Micron Technology, Inc.Philips Semiconductors, Inc.NXP USA, Inc.Columbia UniversityGeorgetown UniversityXceive Inc.Freescale Semiconductor, Ltd.Freescale Holdings L.P.Signet Solar, Inc.Freescale Semiconductor India Pvt. Ltd.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$196,187Total Calculated Compensation$196,187




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJason P. Rhode Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorCirrus Logic, Inc.$721.2KG. Tyson Tuttle Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSilicon Laboratories Inc.$596.2KGregory L. Waters Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorIntegrated Device Technology, Inc.$613.5KYu-Cheng  Chiao Chairman & Chief Executive OfficerWinbond Electronics Corporation$7.1MSteve  Wang Vice Chairman and PresidentNovatek Microelectronics Corp.--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dialog Semiconductor Plc, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Richard Beyer - WOW.com




































Home page











Search the Web

Close menu



 WOW
 Web














Sign-In

Close


My Favorites



View MY FAVORITES

You have no Favorite Channels.To follow a channel click the ...If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link at the top of the page.

Manage MY FAVORITES






Home


Entertainment

Move menu left

Actors


Awards


Movies


Music 


TV


TV Shows


Music Artists


Music Genres


Books

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Celebrity Gossip,


Game of Thrones,


Movie Titles,


Taylor Swift






Health

Move menu left

Diets


Diseases


Drugs


Health Law


Healthcare


Healthy Living

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Conditions A-Z,


Life Stages,


Mental Health,


Pregnancy






Tech

Move menu left

Apps


Computer Hardware


Internet


Smart Phones


Tablets

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Windows 10,


Audio & Video,


E-Readers,


Video Games






Food

Move menu left

Allergies


Beverages


Cooking


Food Movements


Safety

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Organic Food,


Sustainable Food,


Homebrewing,


Winemaking






Lifestyle

Move menu left

Celebrations


Fashion


Religion


Style


Travel & Tourism

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Men's Fashion,


Women's Fashion,


Beauty,


Travel Tips






Family

Move menu left

Adoption & Planning


Marriage


Parenting


Pets

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Relationships,


Dating,


Having a Baby,


Baby Products






Sports

Move menu left

NFL


NBA


NHL


MLB


NCAA FB


NCAA BB


Golf


Boxing


Soccer


Cycling


Motor Sports


Swimming

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Cricket,


Extreme Sports,


Rugby,


Tennis






Money

Move menu left

Business


Careers


Companies


Economy


Industries

Move menu right


You Might Also Like


Personal Finance,


Personal Debt,


Real Estate,


Retirement Planning






More

Move menu left

Arts


Education


Home & Garden


Autos

Move menu right



Arts


Education


Home & Garden


Autos

Surprise Me !












Richard Beyer



        Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_BeyerUpdated: 2016-04-30T20:18Z
      
For the American computer businessman, see Richard M. Beyer.Richard BeyerBorn(1925-07-26)July 26, 1925Washington, D.C.DiedApril 9, 2012(2012-04-09) (aged 86)New York City, New YorkNationalityAmericanEducationnoneKnown forpublic sculptureNotable workWaiting for the InterurbanWebsiterichbeyersculpture.comRichard Sternoff Beyer (July 26, 1925 – April 9, 2012) was an American sculptor from Pateros, Washington. Between 1968 and 2006, Beyer made over 90 sculptures.Contents1 Biography2 Work3 See also4 Further reading5 References6 External linksBiographyBeyer was born in Washington D.C. on July 26, 1925.[1] He was raised in Virginia and graduated from Fairfax High School in 1943.[2]Beyer enlisted in the U.S. Army in World War II, and served from 1944 to 1946,[3] and was in the Battle of the Bulge.[4]Beyer earned a degree in social sciences from Columbia University,[5] He moved to Seattle to work on an economics Ph.D. at University of Washington but did not complete the program.[5]At age 75, in 2001, Beyer suffered a stroke, but he continued to create art.[6] He died in New York City on April 9, 2012 after a stroke.[1]WorkBeyer was best known for his sculpture Waiting for the Interurban located in the Fremont neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. The sculpture, which is one of the most popular works of art in Seattle,[7] was commissioned by the Fremont Arts Council and dedicated in 1978. It depicts six people and a dog waiting for the Seattle to Everett Interurban, a public transportation service that ended in the 1930s.[8]Other sculptures by Beyer include a statue of Ivar Haglund in Seattle, a statue of Christopher Columbus in Columbus, Georgia,[9] a sculpture of a bull sitting on a bench in Ellensburg, Washington,[8] a sculpture of a fisherman kissing a fish in Des Moines, Washington,[6] and a sculpture of a kissing couple in Olympia, Washington described as "perhaps Olympia's most popular and well-known piece of public art".[10]See alsoSasquatch Pushing Over a House (1982)Charles Frederic Swigert Jr. Memorial Fountain (1983)Further readingBeyer, Margaret, W. (1999). The Art People Love: Stories of Richard S. Beyer's Life and His Sculpture. Washington State University. ISBN 0-87422-184-6. References^ a b Lynn Thompson (April 12, 2012), "Obituary", The Seattle Times ^ Biography - early years, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 ^ Biography - Army, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 ^ Jefferson Robbins (January 13, 2005), "Casts of character: Artist Richard Beyer looks back at his legacy", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 ^ a b Mike Irwin (April 12, 2012), "Coyote mourns: Sculptor Rich Beyer filled NCW with beloved public art", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 ^ a b Mapes, Lynda V. (October 6, 2001). "Cast in metal, this Ruehle isn't meant to be broken". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. ^ Ramsey, Bruce (October 10, 1996). "The story behind "Waiting for the Interurban"". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Retrieved 2009-05-16. ^ a b Lacitis, Erik (March 7, 2000). "Corny or not, Beyer's art appeals to the masses". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. ^ "New Art For The New World". Seattle Times. October 10, 1993. Retrieved 2009-05-16. ^ John Dodge (April 15, 2012), "Things are waking up at Horsefeathers Farm", The Olympian, retrieved 2014-02-06 External linksWikimedia Commons has media related to Sculptures by Richard Beyer.Official website






Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. � Wikipedia is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.

 


Also On Wow





 





Advertisement



 

Popular Articles





Trump defends Donald Trump Jr. while attacking Hillary Clinton...
Jul 22, 2017 Kamini Ramdeen
				  




Trump slams media, blames New York Times for foiled attempt...
Jul 21, 2017 Jess Butler
				  




UK zoo donates white rhino eggs in IVF bid to save species
Jul 20, 2017 Lindsay Keeler
				  




10 of the best handbags from the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale
Jul 20, 2017 Cristina Corvino
				  




Russia's foreign minister says Trump may have met Putin...
Jul 21, 2017 Kamini Ramdeen
				  



Give feedback 








    © AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved
Privacy | 
    Terms of Use | 
    About our Ads
Share: 

 









 












Insider Trading - Beyer Richard M - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Beyer Richard M





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-19Option Award
2016-10-215:13 pm
N/AN/A
Micron Technology Inc
MU
Beyer Richard MDirector
14,360
$0
69,060(Direct)
View


2016-03-09Exercise
2016-03-114:00 pm
N/AN/A
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
1,540
$0
7,640(Direct)
View


2016-03-09Option Award
2016-03-114:00 pm
N/A2026-03-09
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
7,640
$54.93
7,640(Direct)
View


2016-03-09Exercise
2016-03-114:00 pm
N/AN/A
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
1,540
$0
7,640(Direct)
View


2016-03-09Option Award
2016-03-114:00 pm
2017-03-09N/A
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
1,850
$0
7,640(Direct)
View


2015-10-14Option Award
2015-10-165:09 pm
N/AN/A
Micron Technology Inc
MU
Beyer Richard MDirector
13,752
$0
54,700(Direct)
View


2015-03-11Exercise
2015-03-124:20 pm
N/AN/A
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
1,740
$0
8,460(Direct)
View


2015-03-11Option Award
2015-03-124:20 pm
N/A2025-03-11
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
8,460
$57.29
8,460(Direct)
View


2015-03-11Option Award
2015-03-124:20 pm
N/AN/A
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
1,540
$0
8,460(Direct)
View


2015-03-11Exercise
2015-03-124:20 pm
2015-03-12N/A
Analog Devices Inc
ADI
Beyer Richard MDirector
1,740
$0
8,460(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 22 Jul 2017 13:39:44 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Richard Beyer - Wikipedia





















 






Richard Beyer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the American computer businessman, see Richard M. Beyer.


Richard Beyer


Born
(1925-07-26)July 26, 1925
Washington, D.C.


Died
April 9, 2012(2012-04-09) (aged 86)
New York City, New York


Nationality
American


Education
none


Known for
public sculpture


Notable work
Waiting for the Interurban


Website
richbeyersculpture.com


Richard Sternoff Beyer (July 26, 1925 – April 9, 2012) was an American sculptor from Pateros, Washington. Between 1968 and 2006, Beyer made over 90 sculptures.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Work
3 See also
4 Further reading
5 References
6 External links



Biography[edit]
Beyer was born in Washington D.C. on July 26, 1925.[1] He was raised in Virginia and graduated from Fairfax High School in 1943.[2]
Beyer enlisted in the U.S. Army in World War II, and served from 1944 to 1946,[3] and was in the Battle of the Bulge.[4]
Beyer earned a degree in social sciences from Columbia University,[5] He moved to Seattle to work on an economics Ph.D. at University of Washington but did not complete the program.[5]
At age 75, in 2001, Beyer suffered a stroke, but he continued to create art.[6] He died in New York City on April 9, 2012 after a stroke.[1]
Work[edit]
Beyer was best known for his sculpture Waiting for the Interurban located in the Fremont neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. The sculpture, which is one of the most popular works of art in Seattle,[7] was commissioned by the Fremont Arts Council and dedicated in 1978. It depicts six people and a dog waiting for the Seattle to Everett Interurban, a public transportation service that ended in the 1930s.[8]
Other sculptures by Beyer include a statue of Ivar Haglund in Seattle, a statue of Christopher Columbus in Columbus, Georgia,[9] a sculpture of a bull sitting on a bench in Ellensburg, Washington,[8] a sculpture of a fisherman kissing a fish in Des Moines, Washington,[6] and a sculpture of a kissing couple in Olympia, Washington described as "perhaps Olympia's most popular and well-known piece of public art".[10]
See also[edit]

Sasquatch Pushing Over a House (1982)
Charles Frederic Swigert Jr. Memorial Fountain (1983)

Further reading[edit]

Beyer, Margaret, W. (1999). The Art People Love: Stories of Richard S. Beyer's Life and His Sculpture. Washington State University. ISBN 0-87422-184-6. 

References[edit]


^ a b Lynn Thompson (April 12, 2012), "Obituary", The Seattle Times 
^ Biography - early years, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ Biography - Army, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ Jefferson Robbins (January 13, 2005), "Casts of character: Artist Richard Beyer looks back at his legacy", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ a b Mike Irwin (April 12, 2012), "Coyote mourns: Sculptor Rich Beyer filled NCW with beloved public art", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ a b Mapes, Lynda V. (October 6, 2001). "Cast in metal, this Ruehle isn't meant to be broken". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ Ramsey, Bruce (October 10, 1996). "The story behind "Waiting for the Interurban"". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ a b Lacitis, Erik (March 7, 2000). "Corny or not, Beyer's art appeals to the masses". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ "New Art For The New World". Seattle Times. October 10, 1993. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ John Dodge (April 15, 2012), "Things are waking up at Horsefeathers Farm", The Olympian, retrieved 2014-02-06 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sculptures by Richard Beyer.



Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Richard_Beyer&oldid=717973130"					
Categories: 1925 births2012 deathsSculptors from Washington (state)Columbia University alumniPeople from Okanogan County, WashingtonUnited States Army soldiersHidden categories: Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 April 2016, at 20:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Richard Beyer - Wikipedia





















 






Richard Beyer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the American computer businessman, see Richard M. Beyer.


Richard Beyer


Born
(1925-07-26)July 26, 1925
Washington, D.C.


Died
April 9, 2012(2012-04-09) (aged 86)
New York City, New York


Nationality
American


Education
none


Known for
public sculpture


Notable work
Waiting for the Interurban


Website
richbeyersculpture.com


Richard Sternoff Beyer (July 26, 1925 – April 9, 2012) was an American sculptor from Pateros, Washington. Between 1968 and 2006, Beyer made over 90 sculptures.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Work
3 See also
4 Further reading
5 References
6 External links



Biography[edit]
Beyer was born in Washington D.C. on July 26, 1925.[1] He was raised in Virginia and graduated from Fairfax High School in 1943.[2]
Beyer enlisted in the U.S. Army in World War II, and served from 1944 to 1946,[3] and was in the Battle of the Bulge.[4]
Beyer earned a degree in social sciences from Columbia University,[5] He moved to Seattle to work on an economics Ph.D. at University of Washington but did not complete the program.[5]
At age 75, in 2001, Beyer suffered a stroke, but he continued to create art.[6] He died in New York City on April 9, 2012 after a stroke.[1]
Work[edit]
Beyer was best known for his sculpture Waiting for the Interurban located in the Fremont neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. The sculpture, which is one of the most popular works of art in Seattle,[7] was commissioned by the Fremont Arts Council and dedicated in 1978. It depicts six people and a dog waiting for the Seattle to Everett Interurban, a public transportation service that ended in the 1930s.[8]
Other sculptures by Beyer include a statue of Ivar Haglund in Seattle, a statue of Christopher Columbus in Columbus, Georgia,[9] a sculpture of a bull sitting on a bench in Ellensburg, Washington,[8] a sculpture of a fisherman kissing a fish in Des Moines, Washington,[6] and a sculpture of a kissing couple in Olympia, Washington described as "perhaps Olympia's most popular and well-known piece of public art".[10]
See also[edit]

Sasquatch Pushing Over a House (1982)
Charles Frederic Swigert Jr. Memorial Fountain (1983)

Further reading[edit]

Beyer, Margaret, W. (1999). The Art People Love: Stories of Richard S. Beyer's Life and His Sculpture. Washington State University. ISBN 0-87422-184-6. 

References[edit]


^ a b Lynn Thompson (April 12, 2012), "Obituary", The Seattle Times 
^ Biography - early years, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ Biography - Army, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ Jefferson Robbins (January 13, 2005), "Casts of character: Artist Richard Beyer looks back at his legacy", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ a b Mike Irwin (April 12, 2012), "Coyote mourns: Sculptor Rich Beyer filled NCW with beloved public art", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ a b Mapes, Lynda V. (October 6, 2001). "Cast in metal, this Ruehle isn't meant to be broken". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ Ramsey, Bruce (October 10, 1996). "The story behind "Waiting for the Interurban"". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ a b Lacitis, Erik (March 7, 2000). "Corny or not, Beyer's art appeals to the masses". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ "New Art For The New World". Seattle Times. October 10, 1993. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ John Dodge (April 15, 2012), "Things are waking up at Horsefeathers Farm", The Olympian, retrieved 2014-02-06 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sculptures by Richard Beyer.



Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Richard_Beyer&oldid=717973130"					
Categories: 1925 births2012 deathsSculptors from Washington (state)Columbia University alumniPeople from Okanogan County, WashingtonUnited States Army soldiersHidden categories: Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 April 2016, at 20:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Richard Beyer - Wikipedia





















 






Richard Beyer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the American computer businessman, see Richard M. Beyer.


Richard Beyer


Born
(1925-07-26)July 26, 1925
Washington, D.C.


Died
April 9, 2012(2012-04-09) (aged 86)
New York City, New York


Nationality
American


Education
none


Known for
public sculpture


Notable work
Waiting for the Interurban


Website
richbeyersculpture.com


Richard Sternoff Beyer (July 26, 1925 – April 9, 2012) was an American sculptor from Pateros, Washington. Between 1968 and 2006, Beyer made over 90 sculptures.



Contents


1 Biography
2 Work
3 See also
4 Further reading
5 References
6 External links



Biography[edit]
Beyer was born in Washington D.C. on July 26, 1925.[1] He was raised in Virginia and graduated from Fairfax High School in 1943.[2]
Beyer enlisted in the U.S. Army in World War II, and served from 1944 to 1946,[3] and was in the Battle of the Bulge.[4]
Beyer earned a degree in social sciences from Columbia University,[5] He moved to Seattle to work on an economics Ph.D. at University of Washington but did not complete the program.[5]
At age 75, in 2001, Beyer suffered a stroke, but he continued to create art.[6] He died in New York City on April 9, 2012 after a stroke.[1]
Work[edit]
Beyer was best known for his sculpture Waiting for the Interurban located in the Fremont neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. The sculpture, which is one of the most popular works of art in Seattle,[7] was commissioned by the Fremont Arts Council and dedicated in 1978. It depicts six people and a dog waiting for the Seattle to Everett Interurban, a public transportation service that ended in the 1930s.[8]
Other sculptures by Beyer include a statue of Ivar Haglund in Seattle, a statue of Christopher Columbus in Columbus, Georgia,[9] a sculpture of a bull sitting on a bench in Ellensburg, Washington,[8] a sculpture of a fisherman kissing a fish in Des Moines, Washington,[6] and a sculpture of a kissing couple in Olympia, Washington described as "perhaps Olympia's most popular and well-known piece of public art".[10]
See also[edit]

Sasquatch Pushing Over a House (1982)
Charles Frederic Swigert Jr. Memorial Fountain (1983)

Further reading[edit]

Beyer, Margaret, W. (1999). The Art People Love: Stories of Richard S. Beyer's Life and His Sculpture. Washington State University. ISBN 0-87422-184-6. 

References[edit]


^ a b Lynn Thompson (April 12, 2012), "Obituary", The Seattle Times 
^ Biography - early years, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ Biography - Army, Rich Beyer official website, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ Jefferson Robbins (January 13, 2005), "Casts of character: Artist Richard Beyer looks back at his legacy", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ a b Mike Irwin (April 12, 2012), "Coyote mourns: Sculptor Rich Beyer filled NCW with beloved public art", Wenatchee World, retrieved 2012-09-29 
^ a b Mapes, Lynda V. (October 6, 2001). "Cast in metal, this Ruehle isn't meant to be broken". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ Ramsey, Bruce (October 10, 1996). "The story behind "Waiting for the Interurban"". Seattle Post-Intelligencer. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ a b Lacitis, Erik (March 7, 2000). "Corny or not, Beyer's art appeals to the masses". Seattle Times. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ "New Art For The New World". Seattle Times. October 10, 1993. Retrieved 2009-05-16. 
^ John Dodge (April 15, 2012), "Things are waking up at Horsefeathers Farm", The Olympian, retrieved 2014-02-06 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sculptures by Richard Beyer.



Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Richard_Beyer&oldid=717973130"					
Categories: 1925 births2012 deathsSculptors from Washington (state)Columbia University alumniPeople from Okanogan County, WashingtonUnited States Army soldiersHidden categories: Articles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 April 2016, at 20:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v


























Beyerdynamic | Sweetwater











































Sweetwater®rrrabuyvsvsveytfazersurdwarubawvev0% Interest for 48 Months! Learn more »


Log In
Create Account
Wish List
Order Status





(800) 222-4700

 Email

 Español: (800) 222-4701



 Cart







Shop 



iOS/iPad 


iOS/iPad

iPads
iPods
iOS Interfaces
iOS MIDI Interfaces
iOS Guitar Interfaces/FX
iOS Microphones
iOS Live Sound Mixers
iOS Keyboard Controllers
iOS DJ Mixers/Controllers
iOS Docks
iOS Cases & Covers
iOS Stands & Holders
iOS Accessories
Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers


iOS/iPad Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Recording 


Recording

Pro Tools
Recorders
Microphones & Wireless
Headphones
Studio Monitors
Studio Mixers
Preamps & Channel Strips
Signal Processing
500 Series Processors
Studio Furniture
Acoustic Treatment
Video Recorders
Players


Recording Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Computer Audio 


Computer Audio

Pro Tools
Software & Plug-ins
Audio Interfaces
Computers
MIDI Interfaces
Control Surfaces
Hard Drives & Storage
Computer Accessories
iPads & Accessories
Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers


Computer Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Guitar 


Guitar

Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Guitar Amps
Guitar Pedals & Effects
Guitar Wireless Systems
Guitar Accessories
Guitar Strings


Guitar Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Bass 


Bass

Bass Guitars
Bass Guitar Amps
Bass Guitar Accessories
Bass Guitar Pedals & Effects
Bass Guitar Strings
Guitar Wireless Systems


Bass Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Keyboard 


Keyboard

Synthesizers
Eurorack & Modular Synthesizers
Keyboard Workstations
Portable & Arranger Keyboards
Pianos
Electric Organs
Beat Production
MIDI Controllers
Virtual Instruments
Keyboard Amplifiers
Keyboard Accessories


Keyboard Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Drums 


Drums

Acoustic Drums
Electronic Drums
Drum Hardware
Cymbals
Hand Drums
World Percussion
Percussion Stomp Boxes
Drum & Percussion Accessories


Drum Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Microphones & Wireless 


Microphones & Wireless

Dynamic Microphones
Condenser Microphones
Wireless Systems
Drum Microphone Bundles
Headset Microphones
Lavalier Microphones
USB Microphones
iPad/iPhone Microphones
Ribbon Microphones
Shotgun Microphones
Microphone Accessories







Live Sound & Lighting 


Live Sound & Lighting

Mixers
Microphones & Wireless
PA Systems & Speakers
Power Amplifiers
Live Sound Monitors
Signal Processing
Lighting
Drum Shields
Racks & Cases
Essential Audio Tools


Live Sound & Lighting Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





DJ / Electronic 


DJ / Electronic

DJ Controllers
DJ Mixers
DJ Media Players
Turntables & Accessories
MIDI Controllers
Beat Production
DJ Effects
DJ Headphones
Lighting
PA Systems & Speakers
DJ Accessories


DJ / Electronic Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Sweetwater Merch 




Guitar Gallery


Cable Finder


Case Finder




What's New

DealZone

News & Research

Support 

SweetCare® 24/7 Tech Support

Knowledge Base
28,000+ Answers to Your Tech Questions!



Repairs
Contact Tech Support
Return Policy
Free Shipping Policy
Shipping & Delivery Times
SweetCare Remote
All Help Topics














Shop by brand / Beyerdynamic



            Beyerdynamic Products
        





Refine Your Search
Category

Dynamic Microphones (13)
Headphones (11)
Condenser Microphones (10)
Ribbon Microphones (4)
Earpads, Cables, and Accessories (2)
Lavalier Microphones (1)
Mic Stands (1)
Windscreens (1)
Wireless Transmitters and Receivers (1)



Only spent 10 bucks on my first purchase, but you treated me as if was spending a grand. Being an independent business owner, I know all too well the importance of dedicated customer service which is the best way to win over the corporate chains. Tootsie Rolls always win me over too. I'm sure some much bigger purchases are in our future. 
Todd, Dunedin, FL









Most Popular
Alphabetical
Newest Products
Price High to Low
Price Low to High





1-36 of 36







You can only compare four products at a time.
					If you want to compare another product, please remove one of your earlier choices.
				



Please select more items to compare






Compare
Remove All














Beyerdynamic DT 770 PRO 250 ohm Closed-back Studio Mixing Headphones
Closed Circumaural Studio Headphones


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details





(73)




Compare













Beyerdynamic M 160
Hypercardioid Ribbon Microphone with Double Ribbon Transducer


$699.99




															Or $30/month§ details





(11)




Compare













Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pro Open-back Studio Reference Headphones
Open-back Circumaural Headphones with 45mm Drivers, 2 Sets of Earpads, Detachable Cable, and Carry Case


$599.99




															Or $25/month§ details





(4)




Compare
















Beyerdynamic DT 880 Pro 250 ohm Semi-open Reference Studio Headphones
Semi-Open Circumaural Studio Headphones with 5Hz-35kHz Response, and Padded Headband


$219.99




															Or $10/month§ details


Demo available for $197.99



(20)




Compare













Beyerdynamic DT 1770 Pro Closed-back Studio Reference Headphones
Closed-back Circumaural Headphones with 45mm Drivers, 5Hz - 40kHz Frequency Range, Detachable Cable, and Carry Case


$599.99




															Or $25/month§ details





(4)




Compare













Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro 80 ohm Closed-back Studio Mixing Headphones
Closed Circumaural Studio Headphones - 80 ohms, Optimized for Studio Recording Applications


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details





(2)




Compare













Beyerdynamic DT 990 Pro 250 ohm Open-back Studio Headphones
Open Circumaural Studio Headphones


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details





(23)




Compare













Beyerdynamic M 201 TG
Low-profile Hypercardioid Dynamic Microphone


$299.99




															Or $13/month§ details





(11)




Compare













Beyerdynamic M 88 TG
Dynamic Microphone for Brass, Vocals and More with Hypercardioid Polar Pattern.


$399.99




															Or $17/month§ details





(8)




Compare













Beyerdynamic DT 770 M 80 ohm Closed-back Isolating Monitor Headphones
Closed Diffuse Field Headphone with Straight Single-sided Cable, Volume Control, 35 dBA Isolation


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic MC 930 Stereo Set
Small-diaphragm Cardioid Condenser Mic Pair with Bass Roll-off, Pad, Shockmounts, Windscreens, and Carrying Case


$999.99




															Or $42/month§ details


Demo available for $899.99



(5)




Compare













Beyerdynamic M 130
Dual Ribbon Microphone with Figure-8 Polar Pattern


$699.99




															Or $30/month§ details





(1)




Compare













Beyerdynamic TG V70d Dynamic Hypercardioid Vocal Mic
Dynamic Vocal Microphone with Sound Channeling Technology, Hypercardioid Pickup Pattern, and 25Hz-18kHz Frequency Range


$199.99




															Or $9/month§ details





(1)




Compare
















Beyerdynamic DT 150 Closed-back Isolating Studio Headphones
Studio Monitor Headphones with 15Hz-30kHz Frequency Response


$249.99




															Or $11/month§ details





(3)




Compare













Beyerdynamic TG I52d
Dynamic Microphone for Trumpet, Trombone, and Other Brass Instruments


$159.99




															Or $7/month§ details


Demo available for $143.99



(2)




Compare













Beyerdynamic DT252 Single-ear Broadcast Headphone - Closed
Single-ear Closed Headphones with 10Hz-30kHz Frequency Response and 1/8"-1/4" Adapter


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details





(4)




Compare













Beyerdynamic TG V50d Dynamic Cardioid Vocal Mic
Dynamic Vocal Microphone with Sound Channeling Technology, Cardioid Pickup Pattern, and 50Hz-17kHz Frequency Range


$99.99




															Or $5/month§ details





(1)




Compare













Beyerdynamic TG D35D Drum Microphone with Clip - Triple Pack
Dynamic Microphone for Drums, Percussion, and Instruments with Supercardioid Polar Pattern - 3-pack


$279.99




															Or $12/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic Ribbon Bundle - M 130 and M 160
Ribbon Microphone Bundle Including Beyerdynamic M 130 and M 160


$1,300.98




															Or $55/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic TG D71c Condenser Boundary Microphone
Electric Condenser Half-Cardioid Boundary Microphone with 25Hz-20kHz Frequency Response


$239.99




															Or $10/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic TG V50d Dynamic Cardioid Vocal Mic (3-pack)
Dynamic Vocal Microphones with Sound Channeling Technology, Cardioid Pickup Pattern, and 50Hz-17kHz Frequency Range - 3-pack


$239.97




															Or $10/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic DT250/DT280 Replacement Earpads
Replacement Earpads for Beyerdynamic DT250/DT280 Headphones


 Buy More Save More
As low as: 
$21.99pair




															0% Interest for 24 Months!*





(14)




Compare













Beyerdynamic TG I58 Helix Instrument Microphone
Mini Omnidirectional Condenser Microphone with Helix Clamp and TA4F Connector


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details








Compare







rrrabuyvsvsveytfazersurdwarubawvev





Beyerdynamic TG I50d Dynamic Instrument Microphone
Dynamic Instrument Microphone with Cardioid Polar Pattern


$159.99




															Or $7/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic TG D50d Dynamic Drum/Instrument Microphone
Dynamic Microphone for Drums, Percussion, and Instruments with Cardioid Polar Pattern and Selectable Bass Drum EQ


$199.99




															Or $9/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic TG D35D Dynamic Supercardioid Drum Microphone with Clip
Dynamic Microphone for Drums, Percussion, and Instruments with Supercardioid Polar Pattern


$99.99




															Or $5/month§ details








Compare
















Beyerdynamic TG D58c Clip-On Swivel Top Condenser Drum Microphone
Clip-on Condenser Drum Microphone with Cardioid Polar Pattern, Integrated Preamp, and Gooseneck with Horizontal Swivel Joint


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic TG D57c Clip-On Gooseneck Condenser Drum Microphone
Clip-on Gooseneck Condenser Drum Microphone with Cardioid Polar Pattern and Integrated Preamp


$179.99




															Or $8/month§ details


Demo available for $161.99






Compare













Beyerdynamic WS 59 AZ
Windscreen for M59/88


$29.99




															0% Interest for 24 Months!*








Compare













Beyerdynamic EDT 150S Replacement Earpads
Replacement Earpads for Beyerdynamic DT 150, DT 180, and DT 190 Headphones - Pair


$34.95pair




															0% Interest for 24 Months!*








Compare













Beyerdynamic ST 99
Heavy-duty Kick Drum Mic Stand


$99.99




															Or $5/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic DT 250 80 ohm Closed-back Broadcast and Studio Headphones
Closed Dynamic Headphones with 10Hz-30kHz Frequency Response and 1/8"-1/4" Adapter


$199.99




															Or $9/month§ details





(3)




Compare













Beyerdynamic MM-1 Measurement Microphone
Omnidirectional Measurement Microphone


$199.99




															Or $9/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic TG L55c
Omnidirectional Condenser Lav Mic


$199.00




															Or $9/month§ details








Compare













Beyerdynamic M 69 TG
Dynamic Hypercardioid Microphone


$299.99




															Or $13/month§ details





(1)




Compare













Beyerdynamic TG V90r Ribbon Microphone
Cardioid Ribbon Microphone with 2-micrometer Aluminum Element


$449.99




															Or $19/month§ details





(1)




Compare











                            Beyerdynamic, based in Germany, has been focused on creating high-quality technology products since 1924. Indeed, within the realm of professional audio and music, countless pros turn to Beyerdynamic when they need premium studio headphones as well as microphones optimized for drum kits, vocals, and any type of instrument. Famous artists such as John Mayer, Sheryl Crow, Phil Collins, and Lenny Kravitz rely on Beyerdynamic, and it's no mystery - from their highly popular DT series headphones to their critically acclaimed double-ribbon M 160 microphone, Beyerdynamic deserves its solid reputation.
                        







Questions about Beyerdynamic products?



Questions about Beyerdynamic products?


Or call us at (800) 222-4700







Questions about Beyerdynamic products?

Sweetwater's Sales Engineers are regarded as the most experienced and knowledgeable professionals in the music industry, with extensive music backgrounds and intense training on the latest products and technologies. They are available to offer you personalized product advice any time you need it.
Type your question below or call us at (800) 222-4700





Type your question



Full Name



Email



Phone






 Thank You!
Thank you for your request. A Sweetwater Sales Engineer will get back to you shortly. You can also call us toll free at (800) 222-4700, Mon-Thu 9-9, Fri 9-8, and Sat 9-7 Eastern.


Close






Sweetwater Local

Music Store
Events & Workshops
Piano Showroom
Music Lessons
Recording Studio
Guitar Repair Shop
Tour Sweetwater's Campus
Careers



Quick Links

Payment Options
Free Shipping Policy
Shipping & Delivery Times
Return Policy
Trading Post
Gift Cards
Our Story
More...



Follow us on

inSync®
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram





FREE Catalog
and other Sweetwater publications!
Learn more




Special Deals!
Sign up for special email offers:

 Learn more




Easy Financing*
We'll help you get the gear you need!
Apply Today Subject to credit approval.









Need Help?

Give us a call
(800) 222-4700
Español: (800) 222-4701
Fax: (260) 432-1758
Email us



Sweetwater
5501 U.S. Hwy 30 W
						Fort Wayne, IN 46818
Get directions


Phone Hours

9AM–9PM Monday–Thursday
9AM–8PM Friday
9AM–7PM Saturday

(All hours listed are Eastern Time.)
Click here for Music Store hours




 





				© 2017 Sweetwater - All rights reserved. Please read our
				Terms of Use,
				Privacy Policy,
				and Phone Recording Policy. Press Releases









            Please enable JavaScript to shop on Sweetwater.com.
        







Enter the Giveaway

Enter Now
No Thanks




   




















SweetCare - Service and Support

 









  








































Sweetwater®rrrabuyvsvsveytfazersurdwarubawvev0% Interest for 48 Months! Learn more »


Log In
Create Account
Wish List
Order Status





(800) 222-4700

 Email

 Español: (800) 222-4701



 Cart







Shop 



iOS/iPad 


iOS/iPad

iPads
iPods
iOS Interfaces
iOS MIDI Interfaces
iOS Guitar Interfaces/FX
iOS Microphones
iOS Live Sound Mixers
iOS Keyboard Controllers
iOS DJ Mixers/Controllers
iOS Docks
iOS Cases & Covers
iOS Stands & Holders
iOS Accessories
Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers


iOS/iPad Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Recording 


Recording

Pro Tools
Recorders
Microphones & Wireless
Headphones
Studio Monitors
Studio Mixers
Preamps & Channel Strips
Signal Processing
500 Series Processors
Studio Furniture
Acoustic Treatment
Video Recorders
Players


Recording Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Computer Audio 


Computer Audio

Pro Tools
Software & Plug-ins
Audio Interfaces
Computers
MIDI Interfaces
Control Surfaces
Hard Drives & Storage
Computer Accessories
iPads & Accessories
Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers


Computer Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Guitar 


Guitar

Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Guitar Amps
Guitar Pedals & Effects
Guitar Wireless Systems
Guitar Accessories
Guitar Strings


Guitar Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Bass 


Bass

Bass Guitars
Bass Guitar Amps
Bass Guitar Accessories
Bass Guitar Pedals & Effects
Bass Guitar Strings
Guitar Wireless Systems


Bass Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Keyboard 


Keyboard

Synthesizers
Eurorack & Modular Synthesizers
Keyboard Workstations
Portable & Arranger Keyboards
Pianos
Electric Organs
Beat Production
MIDI Controllers
Virtual Instruments
Keyboard Amplifiers
Keyboard Accessories


Keyboard Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Drums 


Drums

Acoustic Drums
Electronic Drums
Drum Hardware
Cymbals
Hand Drums
World Percussion
Percussion Stomp Boxes
Drum & Percussion Accessories


Drum Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Microphones & Wireless 


Microphones & Wireless

Dynamic Microphones
Condenser Microphones
Wireless Systems
Drum Microphone Bundles
Headset Microphones
Lavalier Microphones
USB Microphones
iPad/iPhone Microphones
Ribbon Microphones
Shotgun Microphones
Microphone Accessories







Live Sound & Lighting 


Live Sound & Lighting

Mixers
Microphones & Wireless
PA Systems & Speakers
Power Amplifiers
Live Sound Monitors
Signal Processing
Lighting
Drum Shields
Racks & Cases
Essential Audio Tools


Live Sound & Lighting Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





DJ / Electronic 


DJ / Electronic

DJ Controllers
DJ Mixers
DJ Media Players
Turntables & Accessories
MIDI Controllers
Beat Production
DJ Effects
DJ Headphones
Lighting
PA Systems & Speakers
DJ Accessories


DJ / Electronic Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Sweetwater Merch 




Guitar Gallery


Cable Finder


Case Finder




What's New

DealZone

News & Research

Support 

SweetCare® 24/7 Tech Support

Knowledge Base
28,000+ Answers to Your Tech Questions!



Repairs
Contact Tech Support
Return Policy
Free Shipping Policy
Shipping & Delivery Times
SweetCare Remote
All Help Topics















SweetCare®


Knowledge Base

Mac/PC Optimization

Pro Tools Resources

Creation Station Resources

Repairs

Contact Us




Welcome to SweetCare®
Sweetwater's SweetCare is your source for valuable information about the gear you own or are planning to own. It's totally free, and it's a Sweetwater exclusive!

28,000+ Answers to your technical questions.
Mac/PC Optimization Guides.
A dedicated resource center for Pro Tools users.
An exclusive resource page for Creation Station computer owners.
Information on requesting repair service, and more.


 



Knowledge Base
28,000+ Answers to Your Tech Questions
 Need information about using your gear? We have the answers! Our exclusive Knowledge Base includes more than 28,000 tech articles written by our award-winning Tech Support team - the same people you speak with on the phone. You're likely to find the answer you need right here - and the info is available 24/7, 365 days a year!

Browse by manufacturer »




Top Articles (July 2017)

Most PopularMost Recent


Getting Started FAST with the Elektron Digitakt
Sierra: Mac OS 10.12 Compatibility Information
Mac Optimization Guide for OSX 10.12 Sierra
PC Optimization Guide for Windows 10
How To Setup Your Electric Guitar Part 1: Adjusting the Truss Rod
How To Setup Your Electric Guitar Part 2: Setting Action
How To Setup Your Electric Guitar Part 3: Intonation
Pro Tools Troubleshooting Guide
Pro Tools won’t recognize my interface!
How do I setup my Raven MTi2 with Windows 8.1?
Activating and Installing Pro Tools 12 Software Upgrade and Support Plan
How do I update the firmware on my Studio Live Series III mixer?
Yosemite: Mac OS X 10.10 Compatibility Information
Behringer X AIR: WiFi Tips video
How do I register and activate my Slate Media Technology MTi2?
How do I setup my FaderPort 8 with ProTools?

View All Articles
 
Feeling nostalgic? You can view archived Sweetcare content back to 1994 on our Sweetcare Archive page.



Hot Topics
002 and pro tools 10x32ilokbehringer x32xr18studio onecubaseeleven rackts vs trsbehringerfocusritewarrantyabletonhow do i setup my raven mti2 withpro tools 12raven mti2 setupoptimization guideguitar setupwavesroland 


Need Help With Pro Tools?
Helpful advice to get you started & on your way!


Registering Pro Tools and Activating Avid Software
Getting Started With Pro Tools
Pro Tools Troubleshooting
More Pro Tools Help
 




SweetCare Remote
SweetCare Remote is a safe, secure way for us to help you get up and running.
Download Now




Sweetwater's Total Confidence Coverage
Your purchase is protected by our FREE 2-year warranty.
Learn More













Sweetwater Local

Music Store
Events & Workshops
Piano Showroom
Music Lessons
Recording Studio
Guitar Repair Shop
Tour Sweetwater's Campus
Careers



Quick Links

Payment Options
Free Shipping Policy
Shipping & Delivery Times
Return Policy
Trading Post
Gift Cards
Our Story
More...



Follow us on

inSync®
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram





FREE Catalog
and other Sweetwater publications!
Learn more




Special Deals!
Sign up for special email offers:

 Learn more




Easy Financing*
We'll help you get the gear you need!
Apply Today Subject to credit approval.









Need Help?

Give us a call
(800) 222-4700
Español: (800) 222-4701
Fax: (260) 432-1758
Email us



Sweetwater
5501 U.S. Hwy 30 W
						Fort Wayne, IN 46818
Get directions


Phone Hours

9AM–9PM Monday–Thursday
9AM–8PM Friday
9AM–7PM Saturday

(All hours listed are Eastern Time.)
Click here for Music Store hours




 





				© 2017 Sweetwater - All rights reserved. Please read our
				Terms of Use,
				Privacy Policy,
				and Phone Recording Policy. Press Releases









            Please enable JavaScript to shop on Sweetwater.com.
        






   






DealZone | Sweetwater










































Sweetwater®rrrabuyvsvsveytfazersurdwarubawvev0% Interest for 48 Months! Learn more »


Log In
Create Account
Wish List
Order Status





(800) 222-4700

 Email

 Español: (800) 222-4701



 Cart







Shop 



iOS/iPad 


iOS/iPad

iPads
iPods
iOS Interfaces
iOS MIDI Interfaces
iOS Guitar Interfaces/FX
iOS Microphones
iOS Live Sound Mixers
iOS Keyboard Controllers
iOS DJ Mixers/Controllers
iOS Docks
iOS Cases & Covers
iOS Stands & Holders
iOS Accessories
Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers


iOS/iPad Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Recording 


Recording

Pro Tools
Recorders
Microphones & Wireless
Headphones
Studio Monitors
Studio Mixers
Preamps & Channel Strips
Signal Processing
500 Series Processors
Studio Furniture
Acoustic Treatment
Video Recorders
Players


Recording Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Computer Audio 


Computer Audio

Pro Tools
Software & Plug-ins
Audio Interfaces
Computers
MIDI Interfaces
Control Surfaces
Hard Drives & Storage
Computer Accessories
iPads & Accessories
Bluetooth & Wireless Speakers


Computer Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Guitar 


Guitar

Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Guitar Amps
Guitar Pedals & Effects
Guitar Wireless Systems
Guitar Accessories
Guitar Strings


Guitar Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Bass 


Bass

Bass Guitars
Bass Guitar Amps
Bass Guitar Accessories
Bass Guitar Pedals & Effects
Bass Guitar Strings
Guitar Wireless Systems


Bass Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Keyboard 


Keyboard

Synthesizers
Eurorack & Modular Synthesizers
Keyboard Workstations
Portable & Arranger Keyboards
Pianos
Electric Organs
Beat Production
MIDI Controllers
Virtual Instruments
Keyboard Amplifiers
Keyboard Accessories


Keyboard Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Drums 


Drums

Acoustic Drums
Electronic Drums
Drum Hardware
Cymbals
Hand Drums
World Percussion
Percussion Stomp Boxes
Drum & Percussion Accessories


Drum Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Microphones & Wireless 


Microphones & Wireless

Dynamic Microphones
Condenser Microphones
Wireless Systems
Drum Microphone Bundles
Headset Microphones
Lavalier Microphones
USB Microphones
iPad/iPhone Microphones
Ribbon Microphones
Shotgun Microphones
Microphone Accessories







Live Sound & Lighting 


Live Sound & Lighting

Mixers
Microphones & Wireless
PA Systems & Speakers
Power Amplifiers
Live Sound Monitors
Signal Processing
Lighting
Drum Shields
Racks & Cases
Essential Audio Tools


Live Sound & Lighting Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





DJ / Electronic 


DJ / Electronic

DJ Controllers
DJ Mixers
DJ Media Players
Turntables & Accessories
MIDI Controllers
Beat Production
DJ Effects
DJ Headphones
Lighting
PA Systems & Speakers
DJ Accessories


DJ / Electronic Deals 
News/Research 
New Arrivals 
Shop By Brand 





Sweetwater Merch 




Guitar Gallery


Cable Finder


Case Finder




What's New

DealZone

News & Research

Support 

SweetCare® 24/7 Tech Support

Knowledge Base
28,000+ Answers to Your Tech Questions!



Repairs
Contact Tech Support
Return Policy
Free Shipping Policy
Shipping & Delivery Times
SweetCare Remote
All Help Topics
















DealZone
Blowouts • Price Drops • Rebates • B-stocks • Demos











Categories

Guitars (1033)
Computer Audio (677)
Studio & Recording (656)
Live Sound & Lighting (394)
Drums & Percussion (346)
Bass (187)
Accessories (175)
Keyboards & Synthesizers (168)
DJ / Electronic (92)
Making Music with iOS (77)

Type of Deal

B-stock (42)
Demos (2612)
Price Drops (687)
Rebates & Promos (531)

Brand

1010music (2)
65amps (3)
A Designs (1)
Access (1)
ADJ (14)
AEA (5)
Aguilar (10)
Ahead (1)
AirTurn (5)
Akai Professional (6)
AKG (16)
Alesis (8)
Allen & Heath (20)
Ampeg (20)
Analog Alien (4)
Ansmann (2)
Antares (1)
Antelope Audio (19)
Aphex (1)
Apogee (10)
Apple (28)
Applied Acoustics Systems (7)
Aquarian Drumheads (2)
Argosy (1)
ARP (1)
ART (8)
Ashdown (20)
Aspen Pittman Designs (3)
Aston Microphones (3)
ATC (1)
Atlas Sound (1)
ATV (1)
Audient (3)
Audio-Technica (19)
Audix (3)
Auralex (7)
Avalon (4)
Avantone Pro (6)
Avid (3)
Aviom (2)
Behringer (75)
Belkin (1)
Best Service (1)
Bettermaker (1)
Beyerdynamic (9)
Blackstar (10)
Blue Cat Audio (2)
Blue Microphones (9)
BluGuitar (6)
Bock Audio (1)
Bogner (10)
Bose (3)
Boss (29)
Bricasti Design (1)
Bugera (14)
Burl Audio (1)
Cannon Percussion (1)
Casio (4)
Celemony (7)
Celestion (4)
Chandler Limited (1)
Charvel (10)
Chauvet DJ (42)
Chauvet Pro (2)
Chief (3)
Cinesamples (1)
Cisco (1)
ClearSonic (3)
CME (1)
Coleman Audio (1)
Cordoba (11)
Countryman (26)
Creative Tunings (1)
Crown (4)
Crumar (3)
Cymatic Audio (3)
D'Addario Planet Waves (6)
D16 Group (13)
Daking (2)
Dangerous Music (4)
Darkglass (4)
Dave Smith Instruments (1)
dbx (3)
ddrum (2)
Dean Markley (3)
Decksaver (3)
Denon (1)
Denon DJ (5)
Diezel (2)
DiGiGrid (2)
Digital Audio Labs (1)
DigiTech (8)
Direct Sound (2)
DOD (1)
DPA (10)
Drawmer (6)
Dunlop (7)
DW (35)
Dynaudio (3)
EarthQuaker Devices (7)
Earthworks (2)
EastWest (29)
EBS (1)
Ebtech (3)
Egnater (3)
Electro-Harmonix (16)
Electro-Voice (9)
Elektron (3)
elysia (1)
Emerson Custom (1)
EMG (8)
Eminence (1)
ENTTEC (2)
Epiphone (24)
Ernie Ball Music Man (10)
ESP (16)
Evans (16)
Eventide (4)
EVH (10)
Fastset (5)
Fender (57)
Fender Audio (1)
Fender Custom Shop (3)
Finhol (3)
Fishman (20)
Flux:: (1)
Focal (9)
Focusrite (24)
Fodera (3)
Friedman (32)
Fulltone (4)
Fulltone Custom Shop (2)
Furman (2)
FXpansion (26)
G-Technology (14)
G7th (1)
Galaxy Audio (4)
Gallien-Krueger (3)
Gator (65)
Gator Frameworks (18)
Gen16 (7)
Genelec (10)
George Ls (1)
Gibraltar (6)
Gibson (34)
Gibson Accessories (2)
Gibson Acoustic (10)
Gibson Custom (15)
Gibson Memphis (16)
Global Truss (1)
Glyph (18)
Godin (18)
Grace Design (3)
Gretsch (8)
Gretsch Drums (13)
Griffin (2)
Grover (1)
Gruv Gear (9)
Guild (24)
Hammond (8)
Hartke (5)
Heavyocity (1)
Hercules Stands (1)
Heritage Audio (1)
Hofner (2)
Hohner (1)
Hosa (21)
Hotone (7)
Hughes & Kettner (1)
Humes & Berg (5)
Ibanez (36)
iConnectivity (3)
IK Multimedia (22)
IntelliStage (2)
IsoAcoustics (1)
ISP Technologies (14)
iZotope (22)
Jackson (9)
JamHub (1)
JBL (39)
JBL Bags (15)
JHS (2)
JK Audio (1)
JoeCo (1)
Joemeek (2)
JUMPERZ (13)
K&M (22)
Kala (2)
Kawai (2)
Keeley (12)
Keith McMillen Instruments (1)
Kemper (2)
Klark Teknik (2)
Kohala (1)
Korg (29)
Kramer (1)
KRK (14)
Kurzweil (11)
Kush Audio (2)
KV331 Audio (4)
LaCie (9)
Lakland (7)
Lanikai (1)
Latin Percussion (8)
Lauten Audio (1)
Lee Oskar (1)
Leslie (2)
Levy's (3)
Lexar (1)
Lexicon (1)
Line 6 (52)
Listen Technologies (1)
LittLite (3)
LM Cases (2)
LogicKeyboard (2)
LR Baggs (2)
LsL Instruments (3)
Ludwig (36)
Lynx (3)
M-Audio (3)
Mackie (28)
Magix (2)
Manley (3)
Mapex (2)
Marshall (48)
Martin (23)
McDSP (18)
Meinl Cymbals (5)
Meinl Percussion (6)
Mesa/Boogie (10)
Microboards (1)
MicW (1)
Midas (7)
Middle Atlantic Products (3)
MIDI Solutions (1)
Mighty Bright (1)
Miktek (7)
MIPRO (2)
Mission Engineering Inc (6)
Modal Electronics (1)
Mogami (17)
MONO (4)
Monster (6)
Moog (3)
Morgan Amps (22)
Motion Sound (2)
MOTU (9)
MusicLab (1)
MXR (17)
Native Instruments (6)
Nektar (4)
Netgear (1)
Neumann (7)
Nfuzd Audio (7)
Nord (10)
Novation (8)
NS Design (10)
Numark (7)
Odyssey (1)
On-Stage Stands (13)
Orange (44)
Ovation (22)
Paiste (17)
PDP (6)
Pearl (46)
Peavey (35)
Pedaltrain (1)
Pete's Place (1)
Peterson (1)
Pigtronix (3)
Pintech (22)
Pioneer DJ (10)
Pittsburgh Modular (1)
Polyverse (1)
Pork Pie Percussion (2)
Positive Grid (17)
PreSonus (41)
Primacoustic (6)
Pro Co (53)
ProjectSAM (5)
Prologix Percussion (2)
Promark (1)
Propellerhead (2)
PRS (25)
Pultec (2)
QSC (13)
Que Audio (2)
Radial (11)
Raxxess (2)
Red Witch (3)
Reloop (8)
Remo (4)
Rhythm Tech (1)
Rivera (11)
RME (3)
RMI (1)
Rob Papen (11)
Rock N Rolla (2)
Rocktron (1)
Rode (14)
Roger Linn Design (1)
Roland (74)
ROLI (2)
Royer (3)
Rupert Neve Designs (1)
Sabian (12)
Samson (30)
Schecter (19)
Schlagwerk (1)
sE Electronics (8)
Seagull Guitars (7)
Sennheiser (40)
Sensory Percussion (4)
Sequential (1)
Serato (1)
Seymour Duncan (16)
Shadow Hills Industries (2)
Shure (124)
SIIG (3)
SKB (29)
Slate Media Technology (1)
Softube (33)
Solid State Logic (3)
sonuus (1)
Sony (2)
Sound Devices (1)
Soundcraft (8)
SPL (4)
Squier (3)
Startech (4)
Steinberg (4)
Sterling (3)
Stone Custom Drum Company (3)
Studio Projects (2)
Sugar Percussion (1)
Superscope (1)
Supro (19)
Sweetwater (13)
Sweetwater Custom Computing (1)
Switchcraft (3)
Synchro Arts (1)
T-Rex (11)
Takamine (5)
Tama (11)
TASCAM (15)
Taylor (23)
TC Electronic (26)
TC-Helicon (13)
Tech 21 (9)
Telefunken (5)
Tiptop Audio (1)
Toft Audio (1)
Toontrack (12)
Top Tier (5)
Traveler Guitar (2)
Triad-Orbit (12)
Trick Drums (1)
Trophy (2)
Truetone (2)
TRUSST (1)
Tube-Tech (2)
Turbosound (17)
Two Notes (4)
Ultimate Support (11)
Universal Audio (21)
UVI (2)
Vater (1)
VEGAS (3)
Vic Firth (1)
Viewsonic (2)
Vintech (1)
Voodoo Lab (4)
Vox (10)
Wampler (5)
Warm Audio (1)
Washburn (5)
WaveArts (4)
Waves (197)
Way Huge (3)
Westone (6)
Whirlwind (1)
Wuhan (1)
Xotic (16)
Yamaha (47)
Zaor (1)
Zildjian (8)
Zoom (14)

Financing

48 Months (421)
36 Months (32)
24 Months (2468)
6 Months (744)





1 - 100 of 3,658




Most Popular
Brand
Newest Products
Price High to Low
Price Low to High
Newest Deals
Best Deals




1234567...Next 











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Mercury Plug-in Bundle

Now $2,999.00











$120 Off!
Toontrack Superior Drummer 2.0 (download)

Now $179.00











$25 Price Drop
Shure SM58 Handheld Microphone with Stand and Cable

Now $120.99











Up to $3,500 in Free UAD Plug-ins from Studer, Lexicon, Fairchild and More!
Universal Audio Apollo 8p 18x24 Thunderbolt 2 Audio Interface with UAD DSP

Now $2,999.00











Up to $3,500 in Free UAD Plug-ins from Studer, Lexicon, Fairchild and More!
Universal Audio Apollo 8 QUAD 18x24 Thunderbolt 2 Audio Interface with UAD DSP

Now $2,499.00











$400 Price Drop
Midas M32 Digital Mixer

Now $3,999.99











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Gold Plug-in Bundle

Now $199.00











Free Mic, Stand, and Cable!
Fishman Loudbox Mini Songwriter Package with Mic, Stand, Cable

Now $329.95











Up to $100 Off!
Focusrite Scarlett 18i8

Now $319.99











$50 Price Drop
Mackie Thump15 1000W 15" Powered Speaker

Now $299.99











$10 Price Drop
AKG K240 Studio Semi-open Pro Studio Headphones

Now $69.00











Free V-Moda M100 Headphones - a $249.99 Value!
Roland TD-50KV Electronic Drum Set - 5 Piece

Now $7,499.00


rrrabuyvsvsveytfazersurdwarubawvev








$20 Price Drop
Beyerdynamic DT 770 PRO 250 ohm Closed-back Studio Mixing Headphones

Now $179.99











Up to $3,500 in Free UAD Plug-ins from Studer, Lexicon, Fairchild and More!
Universal Audio Apollo 16 18x20 Thunderbolt 2 Audio Interface with UAD DSP

Now $2,999.00











$25 Price Drop
Shure SM57 Microphone with Stand and Cable

Now $120.99











$10 Price Drop
On-Stage Stands KS7365-EJ Pro Heavy-Duty Folding-Z Stand with 2nd Tier

Now $129.95











Trade In Your Duet Firewire and Save $175!
Apogee Duet for iPad and Mac

Now $595.00











Free Mic, Stand, and Cable!
Fishman LoudBox Artist Songwriter Package with Mic, Stand, Cable

Now $574.95











Up to $3,500 in Free UAD Plug-ins from Studer, Lexicon, Fairchild and More!
Universal Audio Apollo 8 DUO 18x24 Thunderbolt 2 Audio Interface with UAD DSP

Now $1,999.00











$140 Off!
Universal Audio Apollo Twin SOLO 2x6 Thunderbolt Audio Interface with UAD DSP

Now $559.00











$30 Off!
Line 6 Relay G30

Now $169.99











$100 Cash Back!
Roland TD-11K V-Compact V-Drums Set

Now  $899.00(after mail-in rebate)











Over 40 Premium Vintage FX from BAE, Grove Hill, Gyraf, Lang, and more - FREE!
Antelope Audio Goliath HD

Now $6,995.00











$81 Price Drop
JBL EON615 Speaker Pair with Stands and Cables

Now $1,099.99











$500 Cash Back!
Nord Stage 2 EX 88 Stage Keyboard

Now  $4,499.00(after mail-in rebate)











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Vocal Rider Plug-in

Now $69.00











$30 Price Drop
Mackie Thump12 1000W 12" Powered Speaker

Now $269.99











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Tune Real-Time Plug-in

Now $49.00











$150 Cash Back!
Roland TD-11KV V-Compact V-Drums Set

Now  $1,449.00(after mail-in rebate)











Free Thumb Drive with 10 Expansion Libraries, Drum Grooves, and more!
Roland JUNO-DS88 88-key Synthesizer

Now $999.00











Free T-RackS Processor - Up to a $149.99 Value!
IK Multimedia iLoud Micro Monitors (pair)

Now $299.99











$120 Price Drop
iZotope RX 6 Advanced Audio Editor - Upgrade from RX 1-5 Advanced

Now $279.00











$72 Price Drop
Sennheiser E835 Microphone 3-pack with Stands and Cables

Now $379.99











Trade In Your Ensemble Firewire and Save $700!
Apogee Ensemble Thunderbolt 30x34 Thunderbolt Audio Interface

Now $2,495.00











$100 cash back!
QSC TouchMix-16 Touchscreen Digital Mixer

Now  $1,199.00(after mail-in rebate)











Over 40 Premium Vintage FX from BAE, Grove Hill, Gyraf, Lang, and more - FREE!
Antelope Audio Orion Studio Rev. 2017

Now $2,595.00











Free Thumb Drive with 10 Expansion Libraries, Drum Grooves, and more!
Roland JUNO-DS61 61-key Synthesizer

Now $699.00











$33 Price Drop
sE Electronics ReflexionX Studio Package - w/Stand, Cable, and Pop Filter

Now $179.99











$148 Price Drop
Shure PSM300 Pro Wireless Dual In-ear Monitor System - G20 Band

Now $1,199.00











$20 Price Drop
PreSonus AudioBox iTwo

Now $129.95











$150 Price Drop
Behringer X-Touch

Now $449.99











Up to $3,500 in Free UAD Plug-ins from Studer, Lexicon, Fairchild and More!
Universal Audio Apollo FireWire

Now $1,999.00











$100 Price Drop
IK Multimedia AmpliTube MAX Bundle

Now $399.99











Free V-Moda M100 Headphones - a $249.99 Value!
Roland TD-50K Electronic Drumset

Now $4,799.00











$131 Live Sound Month Special
Mackie Thump 15 Speaker Pair with Stands and Cables

Now $749.99











$50 Price Drop
JBL PRX812W 1500W 12" Powered Speaker

Now $749.00











$100 Price Drop
Westone UM Pro 20 Monitor Earphones - Clear

Now $199.99











$300 Price Drop
Yamaha CP4 Stage 88-note Wooden Key Stage Piano

Now $1,999.99











Free Footswitch and Amp Cover!
Fishman Loudbox Performer 180-watt 1x5" + 1x8" Acoustic Combo Amp with Tweeter

Now $799.95











Up to 65% Off!
Positive Grid BIAS FX Pro Effects Modeling Plug-in

Now $159.00











$130 Off!
Toontrack Superior 2.0 Crossgrade from EZdrummer

Now $99.00











$300 Price Drop
PreSonus RML32AI Rackmount Digital Mixer

Now $1,499.95











$20 Price Drop
Sennheiser e935 Microphone with Stand and Cable

Now $199.99











$50 Price Drop
Shure PGA Drum Kit 7

Now $449.00











Up to 90% Off!
Waves CLA Vocals Plug-in

Now $29.00











$60 Price Drop
iZotope RX 6 Audio Editor - Upgrade from RX 1-5

Now $139.00











Over 40 Premium Vintage FX from BAE, Grove Hill, Gyraf, Lang, and more - FREE!
Antelope Audio Zen Tour

Now $1,495.00











$50 Off!
Line 6 Relay G50

Now $299.99











Over 40 Premium Vintage FX from BAE, Grove Hill, Gyraf, Lang, and more - FREE!
Antelope Audio Orion32 HD 64-channel HDX and USB3 AD/DA Interface

Now $3,495.00











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Chris Lord-Alge Signature Series Plug-in Bundle

Now $89.00











Up to $100 Off!
Focusrite Scarlett OctoPre Mic Preamp

Now $349.99











$50 Price Drop
JBL PRX815W 1500W 15" Powered Speaker

Now $849.00











$74 Off!
Toontrack The Metal Foundry SDX (download)

Now $75.00











$50 cash back!
QSC TouchMix-8 Touchscreen Digital Mixer

Now  $849.00(after mail-in rebate)











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Grand Rhapsody Piano

Now $29.00











Over 40 Premium Vintage FX from BAE, Grove Hill, Gyraf, Lang, and more - FREE!
Antelope Audio Orion32+

Now $2,995.00











Over 40 Premium Vintage FX from BAE, Grove Hill, Gyraf, Lang, and more - FREE!
Antelope Audio Goliath

Now $4,595.00











Free PreSonus Studio One 3 Professional DAW Software! $399.95 VALUE
PreSonus StudioLive CS18AI

Now $1,299.95











$30 Price Drop
Shure PGA Drum Kit 5

Now $269.00











Free Line 6 Relay G10T Transmitter! $99.99 VALUE
Line 6 Spider V 120 - 120-watt 1x12" Modeling Combo Amp

Now $399.99











$10 Price Drop
LaCie Rugged Thunderbolt USB 3.0 - 2TB Portable Hard Drive

Now $179.99











$20 Price Drop
Sennheiser e835 Live Vocal Package

Now $129.99











$121 Instant Savings!
Ovation Applause AE44II Elite, Mid-depth bowl - Ruby Red

Now $178.00











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Vocal Plug-in Bundle

Now $89.00











Up to 90% Off!
Waves CLA Classic Compressors Plug-in Bundle

Now $149.00











Free FaderPort USB MIDI Fader! $129.95 VALUE
PreSonus Studio 192

Now $899.95











Free Apogee Control Hardware Remote! $195.00 VALUE
Apogee Element 88 - 16x16 Thunderbolt Audio Interface for Mac

Now $1,495.00











Free Line 6 Relay G10T Transmitter! $99.99 VALUE
Line 6 Spider V 240 - 240-watt 2x12" Modeling Combo Amp

Now $499.99











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Diamond Plug-in Bundle

Now $699.00











$100 Off!
Line 6 Relay G70

Now $399.99











$500 Cash Back!
Nord Stage 2 EX Compact Stage Keyboard

Now  $3,599.00(after mail-in rebate)











$120 Price Drop
Akai Professional MPD232 Pad Controller with Step Sequencing

Now $179.00











$81 Instant Savings!
Ovation Applause AB24AII Balladeer, Mid-depth bowl - Natural

Now $118.00


rrrabuyvsvsveytfazersurdwarubawvev








Up to 90% Off!
Waves Studio Classics Collection Plug-in Bundle

Now $449.00











Free GLD-AR2412 Remote Unit! $1249.99 VALUE
Allen & Heath GLD-80 Chrome Edition Digital Mixer

Now $4,999.99











Up to 90% Off!
Waves Platinum Plug-in Bundle

Now $449.00











$30 Price Drop
Beyerdynamic DT 880 Pro 250 ohm Semi-open Reference Studio Headphones

Now $219.99











Sweetwater Pedalboard Kits - Just add pedals!
Sweetwater Gigging 18"x12.5" Pedalboard Kit - with Soft Case, Power & Cable Kit

Now $249.99











Free GLD-AR2412 Remote Unit! $1249.99 VALUE
Allen & Heath GLD-112 Chrome Edition Digital Mixer

Now $5,999.00











$81 Instant Savings!
Ovation Applause AB24AII Balladeer, Mid-depth bowl - Black

Now $118.00











Free V-Moda M100 Headphones - a $249.99 Value!
Roland V-Drums TD-25KV Electronic Drum Set

Now $2,499.00











$100 Off!
Yamaha AC1R - Natural

Now $398.00











$130 Price Drop
Westone UM Pro 30 Monitor Earphones - Smoke

Now $269.99











Up to $100 Off!
Focusrite Clarett OctoPre

Now $599.99











$151 Instant Savings!
Ovation Applause AE44IIP Elite Plus, Mid-depth bowl - Transparent Black Flame

Now $198.00











15% Off!
IK Multimedia AmpliTube 4 Software Suite

Now $99.99











$100 Price Drop
JBL PRX818XLFW 1500W 18" Powered Subwoofer

Now $1,099.00











Over 40 Premium Vintage FX from BAE, Grove Hill, Gyraf, Lang, and more - FREE!
Antelope Audio Orion Studio 32x32 Thunderbolt/USB Audio Interface

Now $2,095.00











Free UAD-2 QUAD DSP Accelerator! $699.00 VALUE
Universal Audio 6176

Now $2,499.00











$600 Price Drop
Yamaha TF5 Digital Mixer

Now $2,999.99











Up to 90% Off!
Waves CLA-2A Plug-in

Now $39.00











30% Off!
PDP 700 Series Cymbal Stand - Boom Stand

Now $49.99







1 - 100 of 3,658

1234567...Next 







Sweetwater Local

Music Store
Events & Workshops
Piano Showroom
Music Lessons
Recording Studio
Guitar Repair Shop
Tour Sweetwater's Campus
Careers



Quick Links

Payment Options
Free Shipping Policy
Shipping & Delivery Times
Return Policy
Trading Post
Gift Cards
Our Story
More...



Follow us on

inSync®
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram





FREE Catalog
and other Sweetwater publications!
Learn more




Special Deals!
Sign up for special email offers:

 Learn more




Easy Financing*
We'll help you get the gear you need!
Apply Today Subject to credit approval.









Need Help?

Give us a call
(800) 222-4700
Español: (800) 222-4701
Fax: (260) 432-1758
Email us



Sweetwater
5501 U.S. Hwy 30 W
						Fort Wayne, IN 46818
Get directions


Phone Hours

9AM–9PM Monday–Thursday
9AM–8PM Friday
9AM–7PM Saturday

(All hours listed are Eastern Time.)
Click here for Music Store hours




 





				© 2017 Sweetwater - All rights reserved. Please read our
				Terms of Use,
				Privacy Policy,
				and Phone Recording Policy. Press Releases









            Please enable JavaScript to shop on Sweetwater.com.
        







Enter the Giveaway

Enter Now
No Thanks




   























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip



















Richard M. Beyer - Wikipedia





















 






Richard M. Beyer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Richard M. Beyer was the Chairman and CEO of Freescale Semiconductor from 2008 until 2012.[1]
Early life and career[edit]
Beyer served three years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps. He holds a BS and MS from Georgetown University and an MBA from Columbia Business School.[2]
Beyer served as President and CEO of Elantec Semiconductor for 2000 to 2002. He served as CEO of Intersil from 2002 to 2008. He joined Freescale Semiconductor in 2008 as CEO and resigned as CEO in May 2012. Prior to joining Elantec, Beyer served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Director of VLSI Technology from 1996 to 1998. Prior to his term at VLSI, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of National Semiconductor from 1995 to 1996 and President of National Semiconductor's Communications and Computing Group from 1993 to 1995.[3]
In 2012, Beyer won the EE Times ACE award for Executive of the Year.[4]
References[edit]


^ http://media.freescale.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=196520&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=1108023&highlight=
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/2008/02/13/idUS244854+13-Feb-2008+BW20080213
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=212495&ticker=FSL:US&previousCapId=311359&previousTitle=Philips%20Semiconductors%2C%20Inc
^ http://www.eetimes.com/electronics-news/4370029/Slideshow--EE-Times--EDN-honor-2012-ACE-Award-winners





This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Richard_M._Beyer&oldid=788521002"					
Categories: American chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleColumbia Business School alumniGeorgetown University alumniLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executive stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 22:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Richard M. Beyer - Wikipedia





















 






Richard M. Beyer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Richard M. Beyer was the Chairman and CEO of Freescale Semiconductor from 2008 until 2012.[1]
Early life and career[edit]
Beyer served three years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps. He holds a BS and MS from Georgetown University and an MBA from Columbia Business School.[2]
Beyer served as President and CEO of Elantec Semiconductor for 2000 to 2002. He served as CEO of Intersil from 2002 to 2008. He joined Freescale Semiconductor in 2008 as CEO and resigned as CEO in May 2012. Prior to joining Elantec, Beyer served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Director of VLSI Technology from 1996 to 1998. Prior to his term at VLSI, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of National Semiconductor from 1995 to 1996 and President of National Semiconductor's Communications and Computing Group from 1993 to 1995.[3]
In 2012, Beyer won the EE Times ACE award for Executive of the Year.[4]
References[edit]


^ http://media.freescale.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=196520&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=1108023&highlight=
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/2008/02/13/idUS244854+13-Feb-2008+BW20080213
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=212495&ticker=FSL:US&previousCapId=311359&previousTitle=Philips%20Semiconductors%2C%20Inc
^ http://www.eetimes.com/electronics-news/4370029/Slideshow--EE-Times--EDN-honor-2012-ACE-Award-winners





This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Richard_M._Beyer&oldid=788521002"					
Categories: American chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleColumbia Business School alumniGeorgetown University alumniLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executive stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 22:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 


Rich Beyer
 | LinkedIn
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Rich BeyerChairman of the Board at Dialog Semiconductor Plc and Director on Board of Directors at Micron Technology,Inc.LocationLos Altos, CaliforniaIndustrySemiconductorsCurrentDialog Semiconductor, Micron Technology, Inc.PreviousAnalog Devices, President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology(PCAST), Dialog SemiconductorEducationColumbia Business School500+ connectionsView Rich’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Rich’s Full ProfileRich’s ActivityAn Open Letter to Customers: Our Weapons PolicyRich likedExperienceChairman of the Board of DirectorsDialog SemiconductorJuly 2013  –  Present (4 years 1 month)Director on Board of DirectorsMicron Technology, Inc.January 2013  –  Present (4 years 7 months)Director on Board of DirectorsAnalog DevicesDecember 2013  –  March 2017 (3 years 4 months)Greater Boston AreaMember -Semiconductor Working GroupPresident's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology(PCAST)October 2016  –  January 2017 (4 months)Washington D.C. Metro AreaBoard MemberDialog SemiconductorFebruary 2013  –  July 2013 (6 months)Director on Board of DirectorsFreescale SemiconductorJune 2012  –  April 2013 (11 months)Chairman of the BoardSemiconductor Industry Association2011  –  November 2012 (1 year)Washington D.C. Metro AreaThe board consists of CEOs/top executives of approximately 20 major U.S. semiconductor companies.Member of the Manufacturing CouncilU.S. Department of Commerce2010  –  September 2012 (2 years)Washington D.C. Metro AreaMember of an advisory board to the Secretary of Commerce.Chairman and CEOFreescale Semiconductor2008  –  2012 (4 years)Austin, Texas AreaJoined this $5 Billion semiconductor company which had been taken private in a 2006 leveraged buyout by Blackstone, TPG, Carlyle, and Permira.  Company was in a serious revenue and profit decline and burdened with over $9 billion in debt and over $800 million in annual interest payments.--Restructured the company to reduce the breakeven by more than $1Billion.--Created a powerful strategy for long term growth and profitability.--Built a very strong management team.--Regained customer confidence across all major target markets.--Reduced debt by over $2 billion and annual interest payments by about $300 million.--Successfully completed Freescale's Initial Public Offering on the NYSE in May, 2011.--Created the foundation for success  and initiated a search for my successor which was completed successfully in June, 2012President, CEOIntersil2002  –  2008 (6 years)Joined Intersil as President and CEO when Elantec Semiconductor was acquired by Intersil and transformed the company into a high performance analog semiconductor leader that consistently grew revenues and profits faster than all of its major competitors.President, CEOElantec Semiconductor Inc.2000  –  2002 (2 years)Joined this high performance analog semiconductor company, did a very successful secondary stock offering, steadily improved revenues and profits.President, CEOFVC.com Inc.1999  –  2000 (1 year)Joined this video networking company, expanded its product offerings and channels of distribution and added an Internet service offering.President and COOVLSI Technology1996  –  1998 (2 years)Managed the Semiconductor Products Organization of the company, including sales, marketing, technology, engineering, and manufacturing for all semiconductor products.Executive Vice President and COONational Semiconductor1995  –  1996 (1 year)In conjunction with the other two members of the Office of the President, managed the seven operating divisions of the company, including marketing, engineering and manufacturing for all semiconductor products in this $2.6 Billion/Fortune 500/NYSE corporation.President - Communications & Computing GroupNational Semiconductor1993  –  1995 (2 years)President of a $700 million unit consisting of three product divisions, as well as manufacturing, quality, finance, strategy, and human resources.VP/GM - Switching Systems DivisionRockwell International1989  –  1993 (4 years)--Managed two fully integrated business units. --Led the ACD business unit through a major system development and market rollout which turned this deteriorating unit into a growing profitable business.  --Improved the performance of the second business, then divested it due to its non-strategic nature.Vice President/General Manager - PABX Systems Corp.Alcatel Alsthom1986  –  1989 (3 years)Consolidated an ITT division and an Alcatel division after ITT's telecommunication's business was acquired by Alcatel.  Transformed these two unprofitable businesses into a profitable, growing business.Vice President/General Manager - PABX Systems Corp.ITT1984  –  1986 (2 years)Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina AreaManaged a $50 million telecommunications business unit.Management ConsultantBooz Allen Hamilton1980  –  1984 (4 years)Greater New York City AreaLed and participated in a wide range of marketing, strategy, operations, organizational studies - particularly in high technology sectors, including computers, telecommunications, and voice recognition systems.Marketing Manager - USSR and Eastern EuropeBurroughs Corporation1977  –  1980 (3 years)Complete general managerial responsibility for Burroughs computer business in the USSR and part of Eastern Europe.Marketing RepresentativeCaterpillar Tractor1974  –  1975 (1 year)Peoria, Illinois AreaSupported field sales channel with product information and expertise.First LieutenantUnited States Marine Corps1970  –  1973 (3 years)Communications OfficerTour GuideRussian Travel Bureau1969  –  1970 (1 year)Led numerous American tour groups around the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe.LanguagesRussianSkillsExecutive ManagementSemiconductorsSoCICASICAnalogEmbedded SystemsEmbedded SoftwareRussian LanguageRussian HistoryRussian PoliticsTelecommunicationsSemiconductor IndustryProduct ManagementManufacturingSee 12+Cross-functional Team LeadershipStrategic PartnershipsRussian politicsRussianCompetitive AnalysisStrategyConsumer ElectronicsManagementProduct MarketingStart-upsElectronicsWirelessSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationColumbia Business SchoolMaster of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing/International BusinessMaster of Business Administration (MBA), Marketing/International Business1975  –  1977Graduated with HonorsGeorgetown UniversityMaster of Science (M.S.), Russian Language and LiteratureMaster of Science (M.S.), Russian Language and Literature1973  –  1974Georgetown UniversityBachelor of Science (BS), Russian Language and LiteratureBachelor of Science (BS), Russian Language and Literature1966  –  1970Graduated Cum LaudeActivities and Societies: Crew Team, Russian ClubLeningrad State University named after A.S. PushkinRussian LanguageRussian Language1967  –  1967Summer Study ProgramGroupsFreescale SemiconductorView Rich’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Rich directlyView Rich’s Full ProfileNot the Rich you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedLiza DallyCostuming StudentTrey RoessigVP of Engineering, mCube IncPeter OaklanderVP sales marketing & grower operations for dynamic IOT startupGregg LoweCEOMike SplinterChairman and CEO, Applied MaterialsJeff StrangPat ByrnePresident, Tektronix CorporationRitu FavreExperienced High Tech Executive LeaderMicah MaxwellAudiobook Narrator, Customer Service Rep, Audio Engineer, Composer for Film and Video GamesDavid ZinsnerPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Rich BeyerFirst NameLast NameExample:  Rich BeyerRich Beyer--United StatesRich Beyer--United StatesRich Beyer--United StatesRichard BeyerSenior Operations ExecutiveUnited StatesRichard BeyerVice President Engineering and R&D at Bendix Commercial Vehicle Systems LLCUnited StatesMore professionals named Rich BeyerJobs similar to Rich’sDialog Semiconductor jobsLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Richard M. Beyer - Wikipedia





















 






Richard M. Beyer

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Richard M. Beyer was the Chairman and CEO of Freescale Semiconductor from 2008 until 2012.[1]
Early life and career[edit]
Beyer served three years as an officer in the United States Marine Corps. He holds a BS and MS from Georgetown University and an MBA from Columbia Business School.[2]
Beyer served as President and CEO of Elantec Semiconductor for 2000 to 2002. He served as CEO of Intersil from 2002 to 2008. He joined Freescale Semiconductor in 2008 as CEO and resigned as CEO in May 2012. Prior to joining Elantec, Beyer served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Director of VLSI Technology from 1996 to 1998. Prior to his term at VLSI, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of National Semiconductor from 1995 to 1996 and President of National Semiconductor's Communications and Computing Group from 1993 to 1995.[3]
In 2012, Beyer won the EE Times ACE award for Executive of the Year.[4]
References[edit]


^ http://media.freescale.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=196520&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=1108023&highlight=
^ https://www.reuters.com/article/2008/02/13/idUS244854+13-Feb-2008+BW20080213
^ http://investing.businessweek.com/research/stocks/people/person.asp?personId=212495&ticker=FSL:US&previousCapId=311359&previousTitle=Philips%20Semiconductors%2C%20Inc
^ http://www.eetimes.com/electronics-news/4370029/Slideshow--EE-Times--EDN-honor-2012-ACE-Award-winners





This article about a chief executive from the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Richard_M._Beyer&oldid=788521002"					
Categories: American chief executives of manufacturing companiesAmerican computer businesspeopleColumbia Business School alumniGeorgetown University alumniLiving peopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executive stubsHidden categories: All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 22:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
