


Page not found



















































LoginWorldwide










Menu



 



X
















Binch, James G. - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































James G. Binch
JAMES G. BINCH is President and Chief Executive Officer of Memry
Corporation. He became head of Memry Corporation in 1992 and since then
has devoted his efforts to  building the company from the bottom up,
starting with fewer than 10 employees in 1993 to the more-than 375
employees today. Among his accomplishments, he has acquired a division
of Raychem Corp., purchased a company in Belgium, bought a company in
Massachusetts, sold a subsidiary, personally raised over $15 million in
private equity and grown the core shape memory business 20-fold. The
company, under his leadership, has been named one of the 50 fastest
growing companies in Connecticut for seven consecutive years. Now, with
the company refocused and broadened with the recent acquisition of
Putnam Plastics Corporation, it is ready to make its mark on the medical
device industry. Mr. Binch is striving to considerably broaden the
company’s revenue and material technology base and create significant
shareholder value. A graduate Engineer from Princeton University, and
with an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania,
Mr. Binch started his career as a general management consultant with
Cresap, McCormick and Paget (now part of TPF&C) and went on to become
Vice President of Planning at Champion Building Products. He spent seven
years in senior roles with Combustion Engineering (C-E) including three
years as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Engineering Sector
of C-E and its principal subsidiary, Lummus-Crest, Inc., with more than
3,000 employees, offices in eight countries and annual contract volumes
in excess of $2 billion. Mr. Binch moved into merchant banking by
founding Trinity Capital Corporation in 1987. He led a buyout of Trinity
Capital’s principal investments through the formation of Harbour
Holdings LP, of which Harbour Investment Corporation was the sole
general partner. It was through investment activity at Trinity Capital,
and later Harbour, that his backers became major shareholders and he
ultimately became CEO of Memry. He is a Trustee of Trinity College
School in Ontario, Canada, and is a Director of 169855 Canada Inc. and
Visual Technologies Ltd. He also served previously as a local Red Cross
Chapter Chairman.
Related Interviews:James Binch - Memry Corporation (mry)March 21, 2005James Binch - Memry Corporation (mry)December 23, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












   James Binch | Lincolnshire Management , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


EXAC James G. Binch Insider Trades for Exactech Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Exactech Inc.

                  NASDAQ: EXAC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Exactech Inc.



Market open
 --Real time quotes
Jul 21, 2017, 10:50 a.m.


EXAC

/quotes/zigman/60235/composite


$
30.73




Change

+0.38
+1.24%

Volume
Volume 7,523
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/60235/composite
Previous close

$
			30.35
		


$
				30.73
			
Change

+0.38
+1.24%





Day low
Day high
$30.40
$30.73










52 week low
52 week high

            $22.20
        

            $31.90
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




James G. Binch



Mr. Jim G. Binch is a Managing Director at Lincolnshire Management, Inc. Prior to joining Lincolnshire Management in 2007, Mr. Binch was President and CEO of Memry Corporation, a publicly traded medical component manufacturer, for nearly fifteen years. He was introduced to Memry after embarking on a new career as a merchant banker at Harbour Investment Corporation, a firm he founded and which became a major shareholder of Memry. Previously, he was an operating group executive with Combustion Engineering for seven years and prior to thar with Champion Building Products, where he served as vice president of planning. He started his career with Cresap, McCormick & Paget Inc., a general management consulting firm.
Mr. Binch received his Princeton University in 1970, cum laude, and received an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in 1972, magna cum laude.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/31/2017
639


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/08/2017
3,188


 
Disposition at $24.15 per share.


76,991


03/08/2017
3,188


 
Disposition at $24.15 per share.


76,991


03/08/2017
400


 
Disposition at $24.23 per share.


9,692


03/08/2017
400


 
Disposition at $24.23 per share.


9,692


02/28/2017
797


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/30/2016
771


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/03/2016
600


 
Disposition at $22.61 per share.


13,566


08/31/2016
697


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/03/2016
600


 
Disposition at $24.86 per share.


14,916


05/31/2016
785


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/05/2016
1,870


 
Disposition at $23 per share.


43,010


03/09/2016
1,000


 
Disposition at $18.7 per share.


18,700


02/29/2016
1,038


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/10/2015
1,500


 
Disposition at $17.03 per share.


25,545


11/30/2015
1,105


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/31/2015
988


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/29/2015
906


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/27/2015
829


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/28/2014
845


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/29/2014
785


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/30/2014
805


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/28/2014
804


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/29/2013
693


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/30/2013
906


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/21/2013
950


 
Disposition at $19 per share.


18,050


05/31/2013
947


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/07/2013
1,014


 
Disposition at $18.5 per share.


18,759


05/03/2013
736


 
Disposition at $18.5 per share.


13,616


02/28/2013
937


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/30/2012
882


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/08/2012
929


 
Disposition at $16 per share.


14,864


09/07/2012
1,665


 
Disposition at $16.7 per share.


27,806


09/07/2012
200


 
Disposition at $16.71 per share.


3,342


08/31/2012
929


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/07/2012
2,309


 
Disposition at $16.38 per share.


37,822


08/03/2012
2,850


 
Disposition at $15.81 per share.


45,059





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. R. William Petty 
Executive Chairman




Mr. David W. Petty 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Joel C. Phillips 
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Executive VP




Dr. Gary J. Miller 
Executive Vice President-Research & Development




Ms. Betty B. Petty 
Secretary & Vice President-Administration




Mr. Bruce E. Thompson 
Senior VP, General Manager-Biologics Division




Ms. Priscilla  Bennett-Jones 
Vice President-Corporate & Marketing Communication




Mr. William  Shopoff 
Vice President-Sales




Ms. Donna H. Edwards 
Vice President-Legal & General Counsel




Mr. James G. Binch 
Lead Independent Director




Ms. Fern S. Watts 
Independent Director




Dr. William B. Locander 
Independent Director




Mr. W. Andrew Krusen 
Independent Director




Mr. Richard Craig Smith 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:58 AM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:58aGE stock price target cut to $27 from $36 at CFRA
10:58aCiti goes neutral on Tesla stock, but counts itself in bull camp
10:58aGE downgraded to hold from buy at CFRA
10:54aTour de France: Do You Know What Day It Is?
10:40aGermany's DAX 30 drops 1.9% as part of selloff in European stocks 
10:34aThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
10:34aCalifornia wildfire raging near Yosemite National Park displaces at least 5,000 residents
10:31aChristopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’: 'Virtual Reality Without the Headset'
10:25aHere’s something that can improve your memory — and help you sleep
10:25aStill not losing weight? These may be the reasons why
10:22aMastercard welcomes UK court ruling to block $18 billion class action suit
10:21aSam Adams’ new 12-pack offers up its dream team
10:15aU.S. stocks fall from near-records, with GE a particular drag
10:13aDow's early tumble is broad based and led by Goldman, GE and Caterpillar stocks
10:12aSeven years after Dodd-Frank passage, there still aren’t proposals for a fifth of rules
10:00aEuro sits at 2-year high as hawkish view on  ECB dominates
9:59aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
9:59aAmazon effect blamed for spike in default rate among riskier retailers 
9:59aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:51aAfter six months on the job, here’s what the Trump Scoreboard says about his performance
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,524.14

-87.64
-0.41%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,371.67

-18.33
-0.29%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,466.38

-7.07
-0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 



James Binch, Senior Operating Partner, Exactech, Inc. | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | James Binch


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













James Binch

Jim Binch, James G. (Jim) Binch Binch



Senior Operating Partner, Exactech, Inc.




Gainesville, FL




Find other people named James Binch




General Info


Sanitary Paper Product Manufacturing



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Director
 James G. Binch is currently senior operating partner and managing director of Lincolnshire Management, where his principal duties are oversight, assistance and guidance to the operating companies within the Lincolnshire Management portfolio of investments. Prior to joining Lincolnshire, he was chief executive officer of Memry Corporation, an AMEX-listed company, from 1992 until 2006. During his tenure, Memry acquired a division of Raychem Corporation and Putnam Plastics and was named among the fifty fastest-growing technology firms in Connecticut for eight consecutive years.
In 1988, Binch founded Trinity Capital Corporation, a merchant bank in Stamford, Conn., where he served as president and chief executive officer until 1991. From 1980 to 1987, he held senior roles with Combustion Engineering of Stamford, including three years as president and chief operating officer of the engineering sector of Combustion Engineering and its principal subsidiary, Lummus-Crest, Inc., with more than 3,000 employees, offices in eight countries and annual contract volumes in excess of two billion dollars. He was vice president of planning and business development at Champion International’s building products division from 1978 to 1980. Binch began his career in 1972 as a principal with the general management international consulting firm of Cresap, McCormick and Paget in New York, serving there until 1978.
Binch is a trustee of Trinity College School, in Ontario, Canada, and is a director of 169855 Canada Inc., and Visual Technologies Ltd. He is a graduate engineer from Princeton University, and holds a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other James Binches on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



www.exac.com



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Exactech, Inc.

Senior Operating Partner





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Exactech, Inc.








David Petty

President, Director









Betty Petty

Vice President, Human Resources









William Locander

Professor Of Marketing And Quality









Paul Metts

Director









William Petty

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer









Albert Burstein

Director









Joel Phillips

Chief Financial Officer









Gary Miller

Executive Vice President, Research and Development
















Created on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 







Edited on Jun 06, 2011


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

40%




Industry




Career




Website/Blog




Summary




Add a Social Network



Add a Video



Add 3 Notable Links



Add a Photo



Add 3 Achievements



Add Education



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1000698863" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/james-binch-3e1429c09e597c1000698863">James Binch</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for James.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.













James G. Binch - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















James G. Binch
Board Member at Exactech, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you James G. Binch? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James G. Binch's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James G. Binch's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James G. Binch's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James G. Binch through your network of contacts.
												








James G. Binch's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Exactech, Inc.


Past
To view James G. Binch's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.B.A., 
															University of Pennsylvania


														 Bachelor's, 
															Princeton University


Age
69

 
 


James G. Binch's Biography



James G. Binch was elected Lead Director in January 2016, and has been a Director since May 2007. Mr. Binch has been Managing Director, Lincolnshire Management since February 2007, where his principal duties are oversight, assistance and guidance to the operating companies within the Lincolnshire Management portfolio of investments. Prior to joining Lincolnshire, Mr. Binch was Chief Executive Officer of Memry Corporation, an AMEX-listed company, from 1992 until 2006. During his tenure, Memry acquired a division of Raychem Corporation and Putnam Plastics and was named among the fifty fastest-growing technology firms in Connecticut for eight co ...
(Read More)

			James G. Binch was elected Lead Director in January 2016, and has been a Director since May 2007. Mr. Binch has been Managing Director, Lincolnshire Management since February 2007, where his principal duties are oversight, assistance and guidance to the operating companies within the Lincolnshire Management portfolio of investments. Prior to joining Lincolnshire, Mr. Binch was Chief Executive Officer of Memry Corporation, an AMEX-listed company, from 1992 until 2006. During his tenure, Memry acquired a division of Raychem Corporation and Putnam Plastics and was named among the fifty fastest-growing technology firms in Connecticut for eight consecutive years. In 1988, Mr. Binch founded Trinity Capital Corporation, a merchant bank in Stamford, Connecticut, where he served as President and Chief Executive Officer until 1991. From 1980 to 1987, he held senior roles with Combustion Engineering of Stamford, including three years as President and Chief Operating Officer of the engineering sector of Combustion Engineering and its principal subsidiary, Lummus-Crest, Inc., with more than 3,000 employees, offices in eight countries and annual contract volumes in excess of two billion dollars. He was vice president of planning and business development at Champion International's building products division from 1978 to 1980. Mr. Binch began his career in 1972 as a principal with the general management consulting firm of Cresap, McCormick and Paget in New York, serving there until 1978. Mr. Binch is a Trustee of Trinity College School, in Ontario, Canada, and is a Director of The Trinity College School Foundation, Nursery Supplies, Inc., Latite Roofing & Sheet Metal, Inc. and Precision Kidd, Inc. He is a graduate engineer from Princeton University, and holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

Mr. Binch, with his experience in investments and portfolio management, his many years as a chief executive officer, and his years of expertise as management of enterprises within the healthcare arena brings vast knowledge of business and finance to the Board.
		
Source: Exactech, Inc. on 03/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James G. Binch's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James G. Binch. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James G. Binch's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James G. Binch's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James G. Binch through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James G. Binch


















James G. Binch's Connections (41)





Sign up now to view James G. Binch's 41 connections »









Richard J. Giromini
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Wabash National Corporation









Scott K. Sorensen
Board Member, Wabash National Corporation









James D. Kelly
Former Vice President and President, Engine Business, Cummins Inc.









Stephanie K. Kushner
Dir., President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Broadwind Energy, Inc.









Bruce N. Ewald
Former Senior Vice President � Sales and Marketing, Wabash National Corporation









Betty A. Petty
Vice President, Admin and HR, Exactech, Inc.









Gary J. Miller
Executive Vice President, Research and Development, Exactech, Inc.









Fern S. Watts
Board Member, Exactech, Inc.









Joel C. Phillips
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Exactech, Inc.









David W. Petty
Chief Executive Officer and President, Exactech, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

















Exactech, Inc. Names James G. Binch to Board of Directors| Hawk Associates














 















Charts & Graphs
Company Profile
Press Releases
Insiders' Section 16 Filings
Management
FAQ
Additional Information
Analyst Reports
Home




Follow Us






Company Address:

    Exactech, Inc.
    2320 NW 66th Ct.

    Gainesville, 
    
  Florida
    
    
    
  32653
    
    
  USA

Phone:

    (352) 377-1140

Website:

www.exac.com

Ticker:

    EXAC

Exchange:

    Nasdaq
    





FREE E-MAIL ALERTS






















Exactech, Inc. Names James G. Binch to Board of Directors



            05/24/07


GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Exactech (Nasdaq: EXAC), a developer and producer of bone and joint restoration products including orthopaedic implants and biologic materials, announced the appointment of James G. Binch to its board of directors. Binch was elected to the board of directors during the annual shareholders meeting that took place on May 16 at Exactech’s corporate headquarters in Gainesville, Fla.

Binch is currently senior operating partner and managing director of Lincolnshire Management, where his principal duties are oversight, assistance and guidance to the operating companies within the Lincolnshire Management portfolio of investments. Prior to joining Lincolnshire, he was chief executive officer of Memry Corporation, an AMEX-listed company, from 1992 until 2006. During his tenure, Memry acquired a division of Raychem Corporation and Putnam Plastics and was named among the fifty fastest-growing technology firms in Connecticut for eight consecutive years. 

In 1988 Binch founded Trinity Capital Corporation, a merchant bank in Stamford, Connecticut, where he served as president and chief executive officer until 1991. From 1980 to 1987, he held senior roles with Combustion Engineering of Stamford, including three years as president and chief operating officer of the engineering sector of Combustion Engineering and its principal subsidiary, Lummus-Crest, Inc., with more than 3,000 employees, offices in eight countries and annual contract volumes in excess of two billion dollars. He was vice president of planning and business development at Champion International’s building products division from 1978 to 1980. Binch began his career in 1972 as a principal with the general management international consulting firm of Cresap, McCormick and Paget in New York, serving there until 1978. 

Binch is a trustee of Trinity College School, in Ontario, Canada, and is a director of 169855 Canada Inc, and Visual Technologies Ltd. He is a graduate engineer from Princeton University, and holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

Exactech CEO Bill Petty said, “We are pleased to welcome Jim to our board. In addition to a strong background working within the medical device industry, Jim brings extensive experience and strong contacts in the investment community. His Wall Street knowledge and expertise in the public company arena will be a valuable asset, contributing to the continued success of our company.”

Binch said, “Exactech has an excellent reputation in the orthopaedic device industry and is known for its surgeon-centric solutions for joint restoration. I am pleased to join this board and look forward to working with the first-class team at Exactech.”

About ExactechBased in Gainesville, Fla., Exactech develops and markets orthopaedic implant devices, related surgical instruments and biologic materials and services to hospitals and physicians. The company manufactures many of its orthopaedic devices at its Gainesville facility. Exactech’s orthopaedic products are used in the restoration of bones and joints that have deteriorated as a result of injury or diseases such as arthritis. Exactech markets its products in the United States and Australia, in addition to more than 25 countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America. Additional information about Exactech, Inc. can be found at http://www.exac.com. Copies of Exactech’s press releases, SEC filings, current price quotes and other valuable information for investors may be found at http://www.exac.com and http://www.hawkassociates.com. 

An investment profile on Exactech may be found at http://www.hawkassociates.com/exacprofile.aspx. 

Investors may contact Chief Financial Officer Jody Phillips at (352) 377-1140 or Julie Marshall or Frank Hawkins, Hawk Associates Inc., at (305) 451-1888, e-mail: info@hawkassociates.com. To receive future releases in e-mail alerts, sign up at http://www.hawkassociates.com/email.aspx. 
This release contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which represent the company’s expectations or beliefs concerning future events of the company’s financial performance. These forward-looking statements are further qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These factors include the effect of competitive pricing, the company’s dependence on the ability of third party manufacturers to produce components on a basis which is cost-effective to the company, market acceptance of the company’s products and the effects of government regulation. Results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results included in these statements.

















About Hawk   | 
Hawk Clients  |  Hawk Services  |  Contact


©2017 Hawk Associates, Inc. 




















 




	Exactech Inc Names James G Binch to Board of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Names James G. Binch to Board of Directors  











Tweet








5/24/2007 1:51:50 PM



    GAINESVILLE, Fla., May 24 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Exactech , a developer and producer of bone and joint restoration products including orthopaedic implants and biologic materials, announced the appointment of James G. Binch to its board of directors. Binch was elected to the board of directors during the annual shareholders meeting that took place on May 16 at Exactech's corporate headquarters in Gainesville, Fla.
    Binch is currently senior operating partner and managing director of Lincolnshire Management, where his principal duties are oversight, assistance and guidance to the operating companies within the Lincolnshire Management portfolio of investments. Prior to joining Lincolnshire, he was chief executive officer of Memry Corporation, an AMEX-listed company, from 1992 until 2006. During his tenure, Memry acquired a division of Raychem Corporation and Putnam Plastics and was named among the fifty fastest-growing technology firms in Connecticut for eight consecutive years.
    In 1988 Binch founded Trinity Capital Corporation, a merchant bank in Stamford, Connecticut, where he served as president and chief executive officer until 1991. From 1980 to 1987, he held senior roles with Combustion Engineering of Stamford, including three years as president and chief operating officer of the engineering sector of Combustion Engineering and its principal subsidiary, Lummus-Crest, Inc., with more than 3,000 employees, offices in eight countries and annual contract volumes in excess of two billion dollars. He was vice president of planning and business development at Champion International's building products division from 1978 to 1980. Binch began his career in 1972 as a principal with the general management international consulting firm of Cresap, McCormick and Paget in New York, serving there until 1978.
    Binch is a trustee of Trinity College School, in Ontario, Canada, and is a director of 169855 Canada Inc, and Visual Technologies Ltd. He is a graduate engineer from Princeton University, and holds an MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
    Exactech CEO Bill Petty said, "We are pleased to welcome Jim to our board. In addition to a strong background working within the medical device industry, Jim brings extensive experience and strong contacts in the investment community. His Wall Street knowledge and expertise in the public company arena will be a valuable asset, contributing to the continued success of our company."
    Binch said, "Exactech has an excellent reputation in the orthopaedic device industry and is known for its surgeon-centric solutions for joint restoration. I am pleased to join this board and look forward to working with the first-class team at Exactech."
    About Exactech
    Based in Gainesville, Fla., Exactech develops and markets orthopaedic implant devices, related surgical instruments and biologic materials and services to hospitals and physicians. The company manufactures many of its orthopaedic devices at its Gainesville facility. Exactech's orthopaedic products are used in the restoration of bones and joints that have deteriorated as a result of injury or diseases such as arthritis. Exactech markets its products in the United States and Australia, in addition to more than 25 countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America. Additional information about Exactech, Inc. can be found at http://www.exac.com. Copies of Exactech's press releases, SEC filings, current price quotes and other valuable information for investors may be found at http://www.exac.com and http://www.hawkassociates.com.
    An investment profile on Exactech may be found at http://www.hawkassociates.com/exacprofile.aspx.
    Investors may contact Chief Financial Officer Jody Phillips at (352) 377- 1140 or Julie Marshall or Frank Hawkins, Hawk Associates Inc., at (305) 451- 1888, e-mail: info@hawkassociates.com. To receive future releases in e-mail alerts, sign up at http://www.hawkassociates.com/email.aspx.
    This release contains various forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which represent the company's expectations or beliefs concerning future events of the company's financial performance. These forward-looking statements are further qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward- looking statements. These factors include the effect of competitive pricing, the company's dependence on the ability of third party manufacturers to produce components on a basis which is cost-effective to the company, market acceptance of the company's products and the effects of government regulation. Results actually achieved may differ materially from expected results included in these statements.
Exactech, Inc.

CONTACT:  Frank Hawkins or Julie Marshall of Hawk Associates, Inc.,+1-305-451-1888, or info@hawkassociates.com


Web site:  http://www.exac.com/http://www.hawkassociates.com//








                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Announces First Quarter '07 Earnings and Conference Call  Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) to Buy Cytyc Corporation (CYTC) (Jobs) for About $6.2 Billion  Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Cleared by FDA for U.S. Distribution of Equinoxe(R) Reverse Shoulder  Warburg, Pincus Ventures, L.P. to Buy Bausch & Lomb (BOL); Transaction Valued at $4.5 Billion  Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) 2006 Revenue Up 13% to $102.4M; Net Income $7.8M or $0.67 EPS  IBEX Technologies (IBT.TO) Restructures, Eliminates Approximately 50% of Cost Base  Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Announces Year End Earnings And Conference Call  Johns Hopkins University Students Devise Oral Quick-Dissolve Strips for Rotavirus Vaccine  Exactech, Inc. (EXAC) Achieves 2006 Sales Of Over $100 Million  Westaim Corporation Cuts Staff, Replaces Chief Executive  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Exactech, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Medical Devices



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Amazon.com: binch







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 

























































































1-16 of 179 results for "binch"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals








Did you mean: bench



Lotte Binch - Europe Inspired Half Chocolate Half Cracker Premium Biscuits...by All About Living
$
9
50

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore options available:
        $9.50Other Sellers
5 out of 5 stars
3Product Features... Lotte Binch - Europe Inspired Half Chocolate Half Cracker Premium ...Amazing Grace (Reading Rainbow Books)Sep 2, 1991by Mary Hoffman and Caroline BinchHardcover
$
12
19

$17.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 21FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$1.45(137 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
10
99

Other Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition
4.7 out of 5 stars
74Book 1 of 5 in the Grace SeriesLotte Binch - Europe Inspired Half Chocolate Half Cracker Premium Biscuits 204g (Pack of 5)by Lotte
$
39
99

($0.20/Gram)FREE Shipping on eligible orders
3.4 out of 5 stars
2Elmer Gantry: Epilogue: Dr. Binch. Great pleasure (Elmer, Dr. Binch, Chorus)Jul 5, 2011by Keith PharesStreamingListen with UnlimitedListen to any song, anywhere with Amazon Music Unlimited. Learn more MP3 Music$0.89 to buy the MP3 songAvailable for download now.









Compulabel Thermal Transfer Shipping Labels, 4 inch x 13 inch, White, Permanent Adhesive, Perforations at 6.5 bInches, 475 Per Roll, 4 Rollsby Compulabel
$
89
75

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.Lotte Binch - Europe Inspired Half Chocolate Half Cracker Premium Biscuits 204g by All About Living
$
31
73

CLG-FLY Gear Rotating Round Square Black And White Section Of 12 Inch Clock Gear B- Inchesby CLG-FLY
$
84
00

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersLe Banquet Duvoeu 1454-Feast of PheasJun 11, 1991by Gilles Binch and VellardAudio CD$3.64(11 used &amp new offers)Since Dad Left by Caroline Binch Young Boy Copes With Parents Divorceby Generic$10.00(1 new offer)Starring Grace (Puffin Chapters)Dec 31, 2001by Mary Hoffman and Caroline BinchPaperback
$
4
98

$5.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$0.01(101 used &amp new offers)School & Library Binding
$
14
75

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersTemporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available.More Buying Choices$10.71(6 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Audio Cassette
4.4 out of 5 stars
10Book 3 of 5 in the Grace SeriesBinch (Original Mix)Mar 7, 2016by RönyStreamingListen with UnlimitedListen to any song, anywhere with Amazon Music Unlimited. Learn more MP3 Music$0.99 to buy the MP3 songAvailable for download now.HomeFlex HFDC-7K-72 Dryer Connector, 3/B-Inch MIP x 1/2-Inch FIP Gas Valve x 72-Inchby HomeFlex
$
9
70

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersUsually ships in 1 to 3 monthsMore Buying Choices$9.70(2 new offers)Korean Popular Snack Bundle, Binch, Margaret, Butter Coconut 3 Packby All About Living
$
28
99

($9.66/Count)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersProduct Features... snack bundle pack includes 1 binch crackers, 1 margaret cookies ...Wild Cat Catfish Type 'B' Blood Baitby Wildcat
$
9
99

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$9.29(3 new offers)
3.4 out of 5 stars
4Homelegance 48-Inch Ameillia Benchby Homelegance
$
118
90

Prime(4-5 days)FREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 12 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$116.59(7 new offers)
4.2 out of 5 stars
57Down by the River: Afro-Caribbean Rhymes, Games, and Songs for ChildrenOct 1996by Grace Hallworth and Caroline BinchHardcover
$
10
95

$16.95Only 3 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$2.00(49 used &amp new offers)Paperback
$
7
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn stock on July 28, 2017More Buying Choices$1.96(25 used &amp new offers)
4.7 out of 5 stars
3












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
12
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forBooksChildren's African-American Story BooksChildren's BooksChildren's LiteratureChildren's Performing Arts BooksChildren's Folk Tales & MythsChildren's Multicultural LiteratureChildren's Chapter BooksChildren's Citizenship BooksChildren's Africa BooksCrafts & HobbiesSee moreKindle StoreChildren's African-American StoriesChildren's Self-Esteem & Self-RespectHome & KitchenStorage BenchesNovelty & MoreWomen's Novelty Tops & TeesClothing, Shoes & JewelryCell Phones & AccessoriesDigital MusicElectronicsGrocery & Gourmet FoodTools & Home ImprovementEverything ElseOffice ProductsPatio, Lawn & GardenAppliancesArts, Crafts & SewingCDs & VinylSports & OutdoorsSee All 17 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonBook SeriesGracePicture PuffinsReading Rainbow BooksChildren's Books Age RangeBaby-2Ages 3-5Ages 6-8Ages 9-12Children's Book TypeChapter BooksPicture BooksPress & Cut OutsAny Leveling StandardLexile ScoreBook LanguageEnglishBrandBinchteespringFurnitureMaxxCompulabelLightMakersAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates































Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 
















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast, FREE shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, Kindle books, original audio series and unlimited photo storage.








Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v



































Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings








































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




































Loading Your Search Results - BeenVerified.com






















Updating Data on {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! BeenVerified uses real public records. The information may be surprising.















Continue to Results 


Less than 30 seconds remaining. Checking billions of records. DO NOT HIT THE BACK BUTTON














×Close




In A Hurry?




We've already located  results for{{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}

Please wait 22 seconds more.




OKAY





































Background Checks & Public Records | BeenVerified




















 




×
BeenVerified.com


 Welcome to BeenVerified! from BeenVerified on Vimeo.















Search People & Public Records

Try searching a friend, relative or even yourself. The choice is yours!











People



Phone



Email



Property




   We respect your privacy. 









First Name



Last Name



State

All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 
Search








Phone Number



 
Search








Email Address



 
Search








Street Address



 
Search





  Are you a business user? Try KnowThyCustomer.com









47,281,562


Successful People Reports







Easy and Affordable Background Checks
Learn why millions of people search BeenVerified







Unlimited Searches, Anytime
Looking for someone? Our intuitive public records search engine makes it easy. See our "Do's and Don'ts."


Affordable & Accessible
We don't want you to ask yourself if it's "worth it" to run a search.


Respect For Privacy
A privacy-friendly public record search is not an oxymoron. Learn how we do it.


Public Records in One Easy Report
Search for what you are looking for and get all the data we find in one single report.







Learn About Us












 BeenVerified for Business 
 Imagine the power of BeenVerified's massive public record database working for your business. That's BV Pro.









 Why BV Pro?

Enterprise APIs
Perfect for Teams
Batch Processing
Customizable










 What is it for?

Prevent Fraud
Scrub Records
Reach Customers
Client Relations







Try BV Pro 


Not Sure? Check out our “Do’s & Don’ts”






Experience the BeenVerified Difference
See what people like you are saying about BeenVerified







Natasha, Oklahoma
Nursing Student
"My daughter recently went out for soccer. I decided it would be a good idea to run another player’s father through BeenVerified. Turns out this guy had been charged with indecent exposure and was on parole."


Maryann, New Jersey
Analyst
"I used BeenVerified to check into a guy that I had met online. It turns out he had lied to me about where he lived and his family. Needless to say, thanks to BV I severed contact with him and have not heard from him since. Thank you BV!"


Bob M, New Jersey
Retired Detective
"I am retired and have a ministry helping the dying and sick. I found a son and the mother was dying of cancer. She held on waiting for her son who had not been in touch for years."


Rhonda, Missouri
Caring Mom
"I'm a single mother dating online and I use BeenVerified to help protect my family!"









More Testimonials





From the Press
Gizmodo.com
"It found my photos on Flickr, my Amazon wishlist, my public Foursquare records, Vimeo, Picassa, and Stumbleupon accounts. It grabbed approximately twelve bajillion photos of me (with many, many false positives) and even more web links."


From the Press
U.S. News & World Report
"BeenVerified easily and inexpensively provides access to public records information through its website and several mobile phone applications. No longer are large corporations the only ones who can afford background checks."


From the Press
NBC 6 Miami
"Instant information… Court documents, mortgage deeds, criminal records right in the palm of your hand."








More Press Quotes

















Billions of Records at Your Fingertips




 With over 7,000,000 downloads so far, BeenVerified is the go-to choice for mobile public data access. 

"Great App"    
"BeenVerified is easy to use and provides the details needed for a reliable, accurate background check. Highly recommend!”
- via the App Store


























 What are you waiting for?Search Someone




























Reverse Property





















Reverse Address Lookup
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!



Start Here! Try searching your home, your neighbors or another address...




Search





 We respect your privacy.






What Makes Us Different?
Property Data + People Data
Our reports include the traditional info you’d expect to find about a property (ownership, deeds, tax info, etc.), but we dig deeper and offer background records on people too.
Find criminal background records on owners, registered sex offenders in the neighborhood, and more.










The Extras We Include, for FREE


Run criminal background checks on previous owners, their associates, or the neighbors. Get to know the whole story.



Know your new neighborhood by seeing sex offender information, which may include names, addresses, and criminal convictions.



Easy to use reporting. Just enter an address, a name, or even a phone number and we will give you all the information we have.











“Excellent Support & Service”
- via SiteJabber.com







 1-888-579-5910


 support@beenverified.com






 Mon - Fri: 8 am - 10 pm estSat - Sun: 10 am - 8 pm est






"Our goal is to provide helpful support that is quick and easy."
Carla, Director of Customer Service





About Us

About BV
People Search
Testimonials
Careers
Leadership
Press
White Pages
Criminal Records



Our Apps

All BV Apps

For iPhone / iPad - Download


For Apple Watch - Download


For Android - Download

Developer API



Help

Support
Contact Us
Do's & Don'ts
FAQ
Remove My Info
Affiliates
Glossary





























Disclaimer: BeenVerified’s mission is to give people easy and affordable access to public record information. BeenVerified does not provide private investigator services, and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Report Act because the information provided by BeenVerified is not collected or provided, in whole or in part, for the purpose of furnishing consumer reports about those search subjects. For more information governing the permitted and prohibited uses of BeenVerified, please review our “Do’s & Don’ts” and our Terms & Conditions.





BeenVerified © 2017 All Rights Reserved
























Terms & Conditions|

Privacy Policy


































Address Lookup | Property Search | BeenVerified.com





















Public data for personal matters




Questions? 1-888-579-5910
Login












Every Address Tells a Story
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Property Records
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


See Who Owns A Property
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Mortgage Records
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Search Property Deeds
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!


Every Address Tells a Story
Search property owners, records and more!


Who Owns This Property?
Search millions of property values, deeds, owners, transactions and more!






Start Here - Try searching your home, your neighbors or another address...









Address:



 
Search



 Know the name of a property owner? Find out about them HERE
 Search by owner's name



















Property Data Can Help You







Find a Home
You will have access to data about property values, sales prices, loans, deed history, nearby sex offenders, and much more.





Connect with Owners
Unlike other property websites, BeenVerified will help you connect with the owners  of every address.





Go Beyond the Address
Your first property search opens the door to billions of public records about people, places, phone numbers and online identities.








The Intersection of Data and the Real World


BeenVerified helps you incorporate property records and public data into your life.





3
0,
1
5
3,
4
1
4

Reports Run by Users



1
B
I
L
L
I
O
N
+

Public Data Points











Billions of Records at Your Fingertips


 With over 5,000,000 downloads so far, BeenVerified is the go-to choice for mobile public data access. 



"Incredibly simple to use and useful. This app has saved the day on finding so many addresses I needed. Definitely recommend!”

 - via the App Store























Always Improving
BeenVerified is relentless in its pursuit of providing you with better public data.
Search an Address
































Online Background Checks | BeenVerified
























×
BeenVerified.com














Looking to Find Out About Someone?
So have the 1,000,000+ people who have tried BeenVerified.








Start Here - Try searching a friend, relative, date, neighbor, or even yourself






People




Phone




Email




Property





   We respect your privacy 










First Name



Last Name



State

All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 
Search








Phone Number



 
Search








Email Address



 
Search








Street Address



 
Search





   We respect your privacy 










47,281,562


Reports & Counting


















