










BIOLABMART INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





BIOLABMART INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
BIOLABMART INC.


Company Address
777 BRICKELL AVENUESUITE 500MIAMI, FL 33131


Company Phone
7866202140


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Jonah Meer


Employees  (as of 4/21/2017) 
0


State of Inc
WY


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (3/13/2017)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.25


Shares Offered
1,124,000


Offer Amount
$281,000.00


Total Expenses
$22,558.62


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
1,124,000


Shares Outstanding
12,106,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001689084




We will not receive any proceeds from the sales of shares of our common stock by
the selling stockholders. However, if the selling stockholders exercise their
Warrants for cash then in the future we may receive up to an aggregate of
$224,800 in additional proceeds upon the exercise of the Warrants. We expect to
use any such proceeds for (a) expenses associated with the License Agreement (b)
SEC registration, listing and clearance fees; (c) branding and marketing; and
(d) general corporate purposes.


The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by intense and
rapidly changing competition to develop new technologies and proprietary 
products, and any product candidates that we successfully develop and
commercialize will have to compete with existing therapies and new therapies
that may become available in the future. While we believe that our novel
approaches and scientific expertise in our ability to produce and deliver
cultured growth mediums containing molecules of superior regenerative efficacy
will provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from
many different sources, including larger and better-funded pharmaceutical,
specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as from academic
institutions and governmental agencies and public and private research
institutions that may develop potentially competitive products or technologies.
To the extent that we develop product candidates for indications with larger
patient populations, we expect to experience particularly intense competition
from larger and better funded pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Any
product candidate that we may develop will compete with such larger and better
funded pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, established drugs or
solutions and new drug candidates being developed by others, that may currently
be in clinical trials.
 
Currently there are no approved products for our lead product candidate. We
believe the key competitive factors that will affect the success of our product
candidate, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety, convenience of
administration and delivery, price, the level of generic competition and the
availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors.
 
Many of our potential competitors, alone or with their strategic partners, have
substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we do and
significantly greater experience in the discovery and development of product
candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of treatments and the
commercialization of those treatments. Mergers and acquisitions in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Our commercial
opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and
commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe
side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that
we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval
for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which
could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we
are able to enter the market.


Company Description
The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on August
22, 2016.
 
The Company is a startup preclinical stage biotechnology company engaged in
developing solutions to combat neuro-degenerative diseases and neuronal 
injuries. The Company is working to develop what it believes


 to be a novel stem
cell system to repair and regenerate neuronal damage. The system incorporates
what we believe to be unique stem cell treatments, cell modifications and a
novel delivery system. Our preliminary focus is on Traumatic Brain Injury, 
Parkinson’s disease, Huntington’s disease and Alzheimer’s, although we believe
such cell system can be effective in dealing with strokes and spinal cord
injuries as well.
---

On December 14, 2016, the Company entered into a license and research funding
agreement (“License Agreement”) with Ariel University R&D Co., Ltd., (“Ariel”),
a wholly owned subsidiary of Ariel University of Samaria, based in Ariel, Israel
(“AU”). Under the terms of the License Agreement, the Company paid Ariel
$100,000 to fund and further research for 12 months (with an option to extend
such research financing and research period) by Professor Danny Baranes, the
principal investigator and his research team relating to cell treatment with
conditioned medium for neuronal tissue regeneration and repair. In consideration
therefor and for other payments under the License Agreement, the Company
received an exclusive worldwide royalty- bearing license in Ariel patents and
know-how to develop and commercialize products based on or incorporating
conditioned medium for neuronal tissue regeneration and/or repair, resulting
from Ariel’s research or technology or the Company’s research funding (the
“Products”).
 
Under the License Agreement, the Company is required to use its best efforts to
develop and commercialize the Products in accordance with development milestones
set forth in the Agreement. The License Agreement provides that the Company make
royalty payments of 4% of net sales (which may be increased if any patent is
challenged by the Company or its affiliates or decreased if there is a valid
patent claim) within 30 days of each calendar quarter for the later of (i) 15
years from the date of the first sale in a country and (ii) until the last to
expire of Ariel’s patents in a country. The Company may provide a sublicense for
cash in a bonafide arm’s length transaction. The Company agreed to pay Ariel 15%
of any consideration received by the Company in connection with any such
sublicense (except royalties on net sales) within 30 days of receipt. The
Company is also required to make milestone payments of (i) $130,000 upon the
successful completion of clinical FDA Phase II trials and (ii) $390,000 upon the
successful completion of clinical FDA Phase III trials, within 6 months of
completion. Any late payments under the License Agreement will bear interest at
3% plus LIBOR.
 
Upon the earliest occurrence of the Company’s (or any affiliates of the
Company): (i) underwritten public offering with proceeds of at least $25
million, (ii) consolidation, merger or reorganization, or (iii) sale of all or
substantially all of its shares or assets, the Company is obligated to issue to
Ariel an immediately exercisable warrant for that number of shares equal to 4%
of (a) the issued and outstanding shares of the Company at the time of issuance.
The License Agreement provides that the Company is obligated, at its expense, to
register shares exercised pursuant to the warrant by Ariel within 6 months of a
request by Ariel by either “piggyback” or a demand registration.
 
Patent expenses incurred by Ariel under the License Agreement will be reimbursed
by the Company. Any infringement action instituted by a party to the License
Agreement that results in a recovery in excess of such party’s expenses will
belong 85% to the party bringing such action and 15% to the other party.
 
Under the License Agreement, at the Company's discretion, Ariel will transfer
its technology to the Company upon the earliest to occur of (i) a successful
Phase II FDA trial of a product developed under the Agreement; (ii) the
acquisition of the Company by a third party of at least 45% of the share capital
of the Company in a bonafide transaction valued at least at $100 million and the
assumption of the License Agreement by such third party, or (iii) Ariel's
written consent.
 
The License Agreement provides that each of the Company and Ariel are required
to keep the other party’s proprietary information confidential for the longer of
(i) the term of the License Agreement and seven years from the date of
disclosure. The License Agreement shall continue in effect until all of the
Company’s payment obligations under the Agreement have been made. After the
expiration of the License Agreement, the Company will have a non-exclusive
worldwide license to the Ariel technology. The Company can terminate the License
Agreement for any reason upon 60 days prior written notice in which event Ariel
will be required to reimburse the Company for any unused research funds. The
License Agreement will terminate upon a material breach of either party that is
not cured in 30 days from notice thereof, or by bankruptcy, dissolution,
liquidation or the discontinuance of business. Ariel may immediately terminate
the License Agreement upon a challenge to its patent validity by the Company or
an affiliate of the Company. Without Ariel’s prior written consent, the Company
may not assign the License Agreement except to an affiliate or to a successor
entity in a merger or acquisition provided the assignee assumes the License
Agreement obligations.
 
AU is an accredited Israeli university located in the Israeli town of Ariel in
the West Bank. AU has 26 departments offering various degrees. In 2014, AU
initiated a Ph.D. programs for Doctorate studies. It has a student population of
approximately 14,000. The Molecular Biology Department offers a variety of
laboratory courses in which students apply the theoretical knowledge they have
acquired.
---

Our mission is to develop and license novel stem cell solutions and systems to
repair and regenerate neuronal damage. The Company through its License Agreement
with Ariel is working on identifying product candidate solutions. The Company is
working to produce and deliver a proprietary modified stem cell system that
would be implanted at the target site and will induce neuronal recovery and/or
slowdown of degenerative damage.

On January 9, 2017, Ariel filed a US provisional patent application related to
our neural cell development research. A U.S. provisional patent application
provides the means to establish an early effective filing date for a later filed
non-provisional patent application. It does not mature into an issued patent
unless the applicant files a regular non-provisional patent application within
one year. Subject to positive efficacy findings, we currently intend to file for
a non-provisional application within one year of the filing of the provisional
application.
---

Our principal executive offices are located at 777 Brickell Avenue, Suite 500,
Miami, Florida 33131 and our telephone number is (786) 620-2140. Email:
jmeer@biolabmart.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$169,240


Total Assets
$155,242






Total Liabilities
$3,870


Stockholders' Equity
$151,372




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 3 Total: 3
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



BIOLABMART INC.
424B3
5/11/2017
Filing



BIOLABMART INC.
S-1/A
4/21/2017
Filing



BIOLABMART INC.
S-1
3/13/2017
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Heaton & Company, PLLC


Company Counsel
David Lubin & Associates, PLLC


Company Counsel
Eilers Law Group, P.A.


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter Counsel
Heaton & Company, PLLC






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6419.33


7.16
 ▲ 
0.11%





DJIA

21714.71


101.28
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2478.73


1.60
 ▲ 
0.06%










Data as of Jul 26, 2017 | 11:27AM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            First Citizens BancShares Declares Dividend
                        



	                    11:21AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            First Citizens Bancshares Reports Earnings for Second Quarter 2017
                        



	                    11:20AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Anthem says may exit more individual markets over Obamacare funding
                        



	                    11:09AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Western New England Bancorp, Inc. Reports Results for Three and Six Months Ended  June 30, 2017 and
                        



	                    11:05AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













BioLabMart Announces Filing of Form S-1 Registration Statement 






























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




BioLabMart Announces Filing of Form S-1 Registration Statement



Share Article

















BioLabMart files S-1 with the SEC







“We’re very excited to be building a partnership between the University and BioLabMart said Larry Loev, CEO of Ariel Scientific Innovations, Ltd."


Miami, Florida (PRWEB)
March 28, 2017
 BioLabMart Inc., a startup preclinical stage biotechnology company engaged in developing solutions to combat neuro-degenerative diseases and neuronal injuries, announced today that it filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the first step in getting its shares publicly listed.
This follows the Company’s December 14, 2016 entering into a license and research funding agreement (“License Agreement”) with Ariel Scientific Innovations., Ltd., (“Ariel”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ariel University based in Ariel, Israel (“AU”). Under the terms of the License Agreement, the Company funded further research for 12 months (with an option to extend such research financing and research period) by Professor Danny Baranes, the principal investigator and his research team relating to cell treatment with conditioned medium for neuronal tissue regeneration and repair. In consideration therefor and for other payments under the License Agreement, the Company received an exclusive worldwide royalty- bearing license in Ariel patents and know-how to develop and commercialize products for neuronal tissue regeneration and/or repair, resulting from Ariel’s research or technology or the Company’s research funding. 
"We are pleased to have obtained an exclusive license with Ariel University and its team to develop new and novel treatment approaches to neurodegenerative diseases, that have become a terrible scourge, not only for those afflicted, but their caregivers as well. Our mission is to be able to be a leader in the race to cure these terrible diseases. The filing of this S-1 advances our corporate objectives. " said Jonah Meer, co- founder and chief executive officer of BioLabMart Inc.
“We’re very excited to be building a partnership between the University and BioLabMart said Larry Loev, CEO of Ariel Scientific Innovations, Ltd. “The ability to repair and regenerate neuronal damage carries tremendous potential towards alleviating suffering.  Professor Danny Baranes, Head of the Department of Molecular Biology at Ariel University has developed a novel mechanism addressing many unmet medical needs. BioLabMart’s seasoned team makes it an ideal candidate to move this technology forward into the clinic and on the path to commercialization.”
About Ariel University
AU is an accredited Israeli university located in the Israeli town of Ariel. AU has 26 departments offering various degrees. In 2014, AU initiated  Ph.D. programs for Doctorate studies. It has a student population of approximately 14,000. The Molecular Biology Department offers a variety of laboratory courses in which students apply the theoretical knowledge they have acquired. To learn more, visit http://www.ariel.ac.il/en 
About BioLabMart Inc. 
The Company is a startup preclinical stage biotechnology company engaged in developing solutions to combat neuro-degenerative diseases and neuronal injuries. The Company is working to develop what it believes to be a novel stem cell system to repair and regenerate neuronal damage.
BioLabMart Inc.
777 Brickell Avenue, Suite 500
Miami, Florida, 33131
Tel# 786-620-2140
Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, and any statements other than statements of historical fact could be deemed to be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements regarding future events that involve significant risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on management's current expectations, and actual results and future events may differ materially as a result of certain factors, including, without limitation, risks related to the application of the net proceeds from the offering, BioLabMart’ s product development objectives, our ability to obtain additional funds, and meet applicable regulatory standards and receive required regulatory approvals. These are forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. BioLabMart does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events, changed assumptions or otherwise.
Contacts
BioLabMart Inc.:
Jonah Meer
Chief Executive Officer
jmeer(at)biolabmart.com
786-620-2140



Share article on social media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Jonah Meer
BiolabMart Inc.+1 786-620-2140
				Email >
			







News Center










































OTC Markets | Official site of the OTCQX, OTCQB and OTC Pink Marketplaces featuring Free Stock & Bond Quotes, Trade Prices, Chart, Financials and Company News & Information for Investors, Companies and Traders - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














BLMB


Biolabmart Inc.










 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 Pink Current Information 
				
			


































Contact Info

777 Brickell Avenue
Suite 500
Miami, FL 33131




Website: http://www.biolabmart.com
Phone: (786)-620-2140
Email: info@BioLabMart.com



Business Description




Update Company Profile


 



Financial Reporting/Disclosure


Reporting Status
U.S. Reporting: SEC Reporting	
									
									


Audited Financials
Audited


Latest Report
Mar 31, 2017 10-Q


CIK
0001689084


Fiscal Year End
12/31


OTC Marketplace
Pink Current




Profile Data



SIC - Industry Classification
2836 - Biological products, except diagnostic


Incorporated In:
WY, USA


Year of Inc.
2016


Employees
Not Available





Company Officers/Contacts



Jonah Meer
CEO, CFO, Secretary


Ido Merfeld
President





Company Directors



Jonah Meer



Ido Merfeld







Service Providers
Accounting/Auditing Firm




Heaton & Company, PLLC



240 North East Promontory


Suite 200


Farmington,
UT,
84025


United States

 


Securities Counsel

Not Available
                        


Investor Relations Firm

Not Available
                        






 


BLMB Security Details
					
				

Share Structure




Market Value1
Not Available



Authorized Shares
100,000,000
a/o Mar 31, 2017



Outstanding Shares
11,544,000
a/o May 10, 2017



-Restricted
Not Available



-Unrestricted
Not Available



Held at DTC
Not Available



Float
Not Available



Par Value

                                
                                0.0001
                                
                            





Transfer Agent(s)
                        
                    






Shareholders



Shareholders of Record
Not Available





Corporate Actions




Ex. Date
Record Date
Pay Date



 
Dividends are not adjusted for stock splits




Security Notes














Short Selling Data



Short Interest
 (%)


Significant Failures to Deliver

                                
                                
                                    No
                                
                            





 


1Market Value calculated only for respective security













 



 



































BIOLABMART INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    BIOLABMART INC.











Company number F16000003779
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State WY
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 8/23/2016
        

Principal Address
            1900 PURDY AVENUE, #1907, MIAMI BEACH, 33139
            


Mailing Address 1900 PURDY AVENUE, #1907, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139
        
BIOLABMART INC. Principals

Director, President
                Meer Jonah
                 


Address
                1900 PURDY AVENUE, #1907, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name MEER                JONAH (p)
        

Agent Address
                1900 PURDY AVENUE, #1907, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139
                

Description
BIOLABMART INC. has been set up 8/23/2016 in state WY.  
The current status of the business is Active. The BIOLABMART INC. principal adress is 1900 PURDY AVENUE, #1907, MIAMI BEACH, 33139. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1900 PURDY AVENUE, #1907, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139. 
The company`s registered agent is MEER                JONAH 1900 PURDY AVENUE, #1907, MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139.  
The company`s management are Director, President - Meer Jonah.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
BIOLAB MEDICAL TESTING LLC
BIO LAB NATURALS, INC.
BIO-LABORATORIES INC
BIO LABORATORIES, INC.
BIOLABORATORIES SUPPLIES, INC.
BIO-LAB RESOURCES, INC.












Biolabmart Inc. Corporate Details

























 






Items

Commercial Real Estate
Vacant Land
Residential

Nearby Listings:



1916 Bay Rd,           $70



1610 W 21 St,    $4,500,000



1443 W 21 St,    $2,375,000



1688 West Ave 801,      $399,000



2000 N Bay Rd,    $3,500,000



10 Venetian Way 1902,      $899,000



1617 W 22 St,   $11,500,000



1515 W 22 St,    $7,475,000



1441 Lincoln Ct 201,      $330,000



1431 W 22 St,    $6,000,000



1451 Lincoln Ter,    $1,900,000



1471 Lincoln Ter,    $1,900,000



1440 W 23 St,    $9,500,000



20 Island Ave 1515,      $349,000



20 Island Ave 1602,    $1,695,000



 
 



Biolabmart Inc.
Biolabmart Inc. is a 
 Foreign (non Florida) for profit corporation
based in Miami Beach.  
They registered with the Florida Department of State's Division of Corporations
on Aug 23, 2016.


Principal Address: 1900 Purdy Avenue #1907, Miami Beach


Visulate is a real estate brokerage based in Mims, Florida.
We have assembled a directory of Florida companies as a research resource to assist in commercial real estate transactions.
Visulate.com is an independent website and is not affiliated with, nor has it been authorized, sponsored, or
otherwise approved by Biolabmart Inc.





Florida Sunbiz Corporation Details



Corporation Number




StatusActive
Filing TypeFORP
Filing DateAug 23, 2016
FEI Number
Principal Address


1900 Purdy Avenue #1907


Miami Beach
FL 33139















Search Official Records and Other Sites



Florida UCC
Google
Bing
White Pages
Zip Local
Hoovers
Better Business Bureau



Florida License Search
 (Select "Search by Name")
Florida Workers' Comp Registration 
MyFloridaCounty.com
US Securities and Exchange Commission
US Trademark Search (Click on TESS search trademarks)



















Florida Trademark




(Links open in a separate window)


Use the links in the Official Records and Other Sites box to find additional information on Biolabmart Inc..  
White Pages, Zip Local and Hoovers are the links to use if you want to find a phone number for the company.  
You can also try clicking on the links in the Company Directors and Officers table below.   
The Florida License Search and Workers' Comp Registration links are useful for researching contractors and subcontractors.   


The Florida UCC, Federal Lien Registrations, Judgement Liens and MyFloridaCounty.com links are useful for researching company assets and liens.
You can also use the County Property Tax and Court Records box (below) for this.   
Use the Property Appraiser link to search for real estate records.  The Clerk of Courts can be used to access records of foreclosures, 
small claims, civil and criminal cases along with warranty deeds and mortgage notes records.
The principal address for Biolabmart Inc. is in

Miami-Dade County FL.


Search County Property Tax and Court Records
Select a county from the list then click on the links to connect to the Property Appraiser or Clerk of Courts website


Select a County
Alachua
Baker
Bay
Bradford
Brevard
Broward
Calhoun
Charlotte
Citrus
Clay
Collier
Columbia
Dade
De Soto
Dixie
Duval
Escambia
Flagler
Franklin
Gadsden
Gilchrist
Glades
Gulf
Hamilton
Hardee
Hendry
Hernando
Highlands
Hillsborough
Holmes
Indian River
Jackson
Jefferson
Lafayette
Lake
Lee
Leon
Levy
Liberty
Madison
Manatee
Marion
Martin
Monroe
Nassau
Okaloosa
Okeechobee
Orange
Osceola
Palm Beach
Pasco
Pinellas
Polk
Putnam
Santa Rosa
Sarasota
Seminole
St. Johns
St. Lucie
Sumter
Suwannee
Taylor
Union
Volusia
Wakulla
Walton
Washington




Biolabmart Inc. Directors and Officers

The following table lists the directors and officers for Biolabmart Inc..
It shows their name and position within the company.  It also shows possible
addresses and related companies for the officer based on their name.  These
are addresses and companies associated with a person of that name.  Their 
inclusion in the table does not indicate anything more than a potential relationship between Biolabmart Inc.
and the address or company.  


NamePositionPossible AddressPossible Related Companies

Merfeld             Ido


Officer (Pres)


Ido Merfeld
1900 Purdy Avenue #1907
Miami Beach
FL 33139
(Miami-Dade County)




Meer                Jonah


Registered Agent



Jonah Meer
1900 Purdy Avenue #1907
Miami Beach
FL 33139
(Miami-Dade County)

The following companies have a director or officer called Jonah Meer
 Cubesquare LLC -
Registered Agent

 Jtrade Global LLC -
Registered Agent




Principal Location
Biolabmart Inc. is located at 1900 Purdy Avenue #1907 in Miami Beach.







Companies Located Nearby

1900 Purdy Avenue #1907 - Biolabmart Inc. 
1900 Purdy Avenue #1907 - Jtrade Global LLC 
1900 Purdy Avenue #1907 - Cubesquare LLC 
1900 Purdy Avenue Suite 109-F - Panther Coffee Beach, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - The Machat Company 
1900 Purdy Ave - Pesharia Designs, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Re 8926-8928, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave Unit 2411 - Pinacoteca, Corp. 
1900 Purdy Ave - Michael Forman Dom, P.A. 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe At Mia LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe At Dfw, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe At Dfw Ii, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - The Mediterranean Kitchen, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe Re, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe At Aventura, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe Bpo, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe At Doral, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Fig & Fennel At Aventura, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe At The Falls, LLC 
1855 Purdy Ave - Icebox Cafe, L.C. 
1884 Bay Rd - Tequiztlan Mexican Restaurant And Tequila Bar LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave #1401 - 422 Tg, LLC 
1410 20th St - Comtrade Trading LLC 
1410 20th St - Savannah Lake New LLC 
1410 20th St - Continuum 615 LLC 
1410 20th St - The Italian Dress, LLC 
1410 20th St - Caribe Services LLC 
1410 20th St - Sunmidan LLC 
1415 20th Street #103 - Mirmelli Murano, LLC 
1410 20th Street Suite 217 - Litmus Clinical Research Group Corp. 
1410 20th St - S M & N Hospitality Group, LLC 
1420 20th St - Sunset Office, LLC 
1410 20th St Ste 218 - Rohr Acupuncture, LLC 
1415 20th Street Suite 601 - Dshaf Holdings, LLC 
1410 20th St - Museum Park Lc 
1410 20th St - Orangeblue Hotel & Resorts  LLC 
1410 20th St - Ran 3101 LLC 
1410 20th St - Lateral Thinking LLC 
1410 20th St - Erminia LLC 
1410 20th St - Setai Miami 2801 LLC 
1410 20th St - Gdce LLC 
1410 20th St - Giannoni Investments Holding LLC 
1410 20th St - P.S. Dominicana LLC 
1410 20th St - Florida Squalo LLC 
1410 20th St - Mayfair Land New Development Company LLC 
1410 20th St - Vero Beach Real State Investments LLC 
1410 20th St - Colombo Investments LLC 
1410 20th St - Il Riccio Miami LLC 
1410 20th St - Casa Tua Marine LLC 
1410 20th St - Jubileum Tours L.C. 
1410 20th St - Saltwo, Inc. 
1410 20th St - Magellano Stars Investments Inc 
1410 20th St - Piero Salussolia, P.A. 
1410 20th St - Lupetto, Inc. 
1410 20th St - Piero Salussolia Corporate Management, Inc. 
1410 20th Street Suite 218 - Sobe Spine, Pa 
1410 -20th St - International Realty Services And Investments, Corp. 
1410 - 20th St - Morkal Corp. 
1415 20th St - Tokr, LLC 
1413 20th - Az Sc Development, Inc. 
1413 Sunset Harbor Dr #409 - Naneva Capital LLC 
1413 20th St - Paradise World Events, LLC 
1413 20th St - Warren T. Zinn P.A. 
1413 20th St - Mendez Media Miami, LLC 
1415 20th St #405 - Dtm Financial, Inc. 
13778 Alesbury Ct - Alesbury Homeowner'S Association, Inc. 
1415 20th St - Jbb Par Holding, LLC 
1415 20th St - The Wiblets LLC 
1415 20th Street #108 - Lira Lloret LLC 
1413 20th St - Omega Engineering, LLC 
1410 Sunset Harbor Dr - Venture Projects Holdings LLC 
1410 Sunset Harbor Dr - Irie Agency LLC 
1410 20 Th Suite 214 - Piero Salussolia Financing LLC 
1410 20 Street - Real Carmine LLC 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Sushi Brickell, LLC 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Sushi Partners, LLC 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Hospitality Group, Co. 
1410 20th St - Irie Weekend Management Company LLC 
1410 20th St - Prada Group LLC 
1410 20th St - Mako2015 LLC 
1410 20th St - Galue Wm, LLC 
1410 20th St - Giordano Cruises Corp 
1410 20 St Suite 203 - Lotus Tourism Consultants, Corp. 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Cruise, LLC 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Group Downtown, LLC 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Restaurants Dr, LLC 
1410 20th St - Djm Hospitality, LLC 
1410 20th St - Sugar Pump, LLC 
1410 20th St - Chef Mendin Holdings, LLC 
1410 20 Th St - Mission Oaks LLC 
1410 20 Th St - Amerigo Vespucci LLC 
1410 20th St - Granville 215, LLC 
1410 20th Street Suite 1414 - 1414 Vdr Investment LLC 
1410 20th Street Suite 1414 - 4510 Holdings LLC 
1410-20th St - Zurich Capital Holdings LLC 
1410 20th St - Ginevra Real Estate LLC 
1410 20th St - Bradford Capital LLC 
1410 20th St - Juice Villa Usa LLC 
1410 20th St - Diapashome International Real Estate LLC 
1410 20 Th St - Abel New LLC 
1410- 20th St - Caribbean Fuels Holding Group LLC 
1410 20th Street Suite 211 - West Winwood Developments, LLC 
1415 20th St - Irie Properties LLC 
1410 Sunset Harbor Dr - The Irie Foundation, Inc. 
1410 20 Street - Monafil Real Estate LLC 
1414 20 St - Azul Spirits & Wines Inc. 
1410 20th St - Ibiscus, LLC 
1410 20th St - Ama Optics, Inc. 
1410 20th St - Inca Holdings Group LLC 
1413 20th St - Group 10 Holdings LLC 
1413 20th St - Harte Properties, LLC 
1413 20th St - Kalulo Development, LLC 
1413 20th St - Jarm Capital LLC 
1413 20th St - Atlas Capital Group, Inc. 
1413 20th St - Missy Z, Inc. 
1400 20th St - Barceloneta LLC 
1400 20th St - Barceloneta Management Group, LLC 
1410 - 20th St - Sea Condominium, Inc. 
1410 - 20th St - Rco Investments LLC 
1410 - 20th St - Admiral Solutions, Corp. 
1410 - 20th St - Aurum Metals, LLC 
1410 20th Street Suite 214 - Rpl 1204, LLC 
1410 20th Street Suite 214 - Casa Tua Cucina LLC 
1410 20th Street Suite 214 - Sangiovanni, Inc. 
1894 Bay Rd - Corvatsch Corp. 
1845 Bay Rd - Santander La Marinera LLC 
1845 Bay Rd - G.F.C. Baires, Corp 
1845 Bay Rd - Barjor Corporation 
1900 Sunset Hbr - Progress And Unrelated Things, LLC 
1905 Purdy Ave - Eberjey South Beach, Inc. 
1700 Convention Center Dr - Purdy Avenue Commercial Condominium Association, Inc. 
1700 Convention Center Dr - Miami Beach Leadership Academy Alumni Association, Inc. 
1916 Bay Rd - Cody Patrick Fitness L.L.C. 
1916 Bay Rd - American Music Entertainment Corporation 
1930 Bay Rd - L24m,LLC 
1415 20th Street Apt 401 - Florida Legal Support, LLC 
1415 20th St - Santa Elena Holdings, LLC 
1415 20th St - Aboveground Marketing, LLC 
1415 20th St - Jeremy Green, M.D., P.A. 
1900 Purdy Ave # 1411 - R Marotta, Inc. 
1900 Purdy Ave - A Venture Capital LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Aventure Music Group LLC 
1900 Purdy Avenue #1 - Turchin & Associates, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Fitstrict LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Michael Bret Duchon, Pa 
1900 Purdy Ave - Miss Tara Ventures LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Hgw Productions LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Jandrea Productions, Inc. 
1900 Purdy Ave - The Love Swami LLC 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr Annex 2nd Floor - Two Gross Family Limited Partnership 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr Annex 2nd Floor - Gross Family Partnership Inc 
1900 Purdy Ave - Prudent Performance Advisors, LLC 
1900 Purdy Avenue #1510 - Stevie D'S Oxygen LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Christian S. Bruno, P.A. 
1900 Purdy Ave #1508 - Bee Travel & Tours LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Destination Service Specialists, LLC 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Ts3 Real Estate, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - School Of Sacred Knowledge Co. 
1900 Sunset Harbor Drive 2nd Floor - Recon Holding, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Anatome LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave Ste1 - Rlt Asset Corp. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Midnight Auto, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Palm Bay Breezes, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Karlton Sunset Harbour, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Vwcc, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Lakes On The Green Management, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Palm Springs Capital Corp. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - 49th St. Capital Corp. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Esther M Mckenzie, M.D., P.A. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Interamerican Trading And Products Company, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - West Flagler Partners, Ltd. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Hialeah Fee Commons, Ltd. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Westland Commons Ltd. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Sunset Auto, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Surise Auto, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Westland Commons Investments, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Hialeah Westland 57wg, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Hwp Rising Sun, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Plaza 8 Funding, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - 1375 Partners, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Aqua Joy, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - The Karlton Investment Group, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Drexel Apartment, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Krea Global, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - D&H 21 Investments, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Mediterranean Estates, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Bart Reines Construction, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Sabrina Cohen Foundation For Stem Cell Research Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Amber Telecommunications, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - E Studio Eight, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Health Systems International, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Sun Investments, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Bar-Les Corp. 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Tuttiplen Investments I, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Schuster Partners, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbour Dr - Sunset Harbour 912, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Advanced Consulting, L.C. 
1900 Purdy Ave - Achieving Solutions, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Cary R. Shookoff, Ph.D., Psychologist, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Wasobe Inc 
1900 Purdy Ave - Rlt Asset, Ltd. 
1900 Purdy Ave - Miami Beach Riviera Yacht & Beach Club LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Sen - Asheville, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Jatnc Tract Fa Property LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Jatnc Tract Fb Property LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Jatnc Tract L47 Property LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - A Walled Garden LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Turch Services LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Joe Market Usa, Corp. 
1900 Sunset Harbor Suite 1 - Now Or Never Consulting, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Bryan Norcross Corporation 
1900 Sunset Hbr - Ashe Realty, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Turchin Investment Co. 
1900 Purdy Ave - John A. Turchin Construction, Inc. 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Casa Di Lorenzo, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Socially Sweet LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Christian Seda Md., Pa 
1900 Purdy Ave - Two To Tangle Productions, LLC 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Boothbay, LLC 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Sandy Springs Partners, LLC 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Bayview Associates, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Socialista, LLC 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Indiefilms.Com LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Sibilla Investment Corp. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Ambrosino Corp. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Meyuhas,  LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Val Sanchez, LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbor Dr - Xo Living LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbor Dr - Marco Pena, Inc. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Lucky Properties Group LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - The Ivy Ph11 LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - 1201 Chelsea, Lllp 
1815 Purdy Ave - Agrifos Holdings Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - 1504 Capital Inc 
1815 Purdy Ave - Imagination The Americas Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Domus Holdings, L.L.C. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Home Med Solutions, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Certatim LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Md Staffing Solutions, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Tibet Butler Rental Company 1 LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Pointe Tibet Acquisitions LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Eskape Investment LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - The 3 Monkeys LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - The Business And Human Rights Group LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Songgo LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - 6080 Collins Developer, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Moye Miami, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Keywee, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Pointe Tibet Intermediate Iii L.L.C. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Cg3 Group, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Baby Love Luna, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Productive Mind, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Lucky Frog Studios LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - La Vida Organica LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Finka Real LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Jean87 LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Viking Global,  LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - First Trust Little River LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Open Prediction, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Merenda Bros. LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Unitexto LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - American Rope LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Simple Rustic,  LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Orel Energy Group LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Bluefon Mobile LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Wine O'Clock  LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Housey Home, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Timihub LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Mariangela Jewelry, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Surf88 LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Diamonds Cafe LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Vuesonic LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Elola Habitat LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Jose Mendin Hospitality, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - House Done Of Florida LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Giardino Di Stelle LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Dd Distribution & Marketing LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Be Golf LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Dd Usa Organic LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Helix Spirits LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Dded Latam LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Plaxus Healthcare Strategies, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Frank Medina & Associates, Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Golf Property Investments, Corp. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Arlene Raijman Law Firm, P.A. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Tazo Media, Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - South Beach Auto Couture Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - La Sora Maria Usa, Corp. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Saman Capital, Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Ker Ventures, Inc 
1815 Purdy Ave - Jugofresh Holdings Corporation 
1815 Purdy Ave - F.Medina Supplies & Services, Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Palma Legal Services, P.A. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Gct Miami Inc 
1815 Purdy Ave - Jarret W. Kaplan, P.A. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Carly Einhorn Corp. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Towle Enterprises, Inc. 
1815 Purdy Ave - Clubtuti LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - 6080 Collins Manager, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - 6080 Collins, LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Aren Green LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Investmat LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Donarc Usa Investments LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Canic LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave - Naranja Investments, Corp. 
1815 Prudy Ave - Cgr Services Group LLC 
1815 Purdy Ave Ste 3 - 1215 On West Avenue Condominium Association, Inc. 
1800 Purdy Ave - 420 Nw 118 LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 3323 A, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 1120 Ne LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Strategic Innovation Services Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbor Dr - Chroma Clothing, Inc. 
1800 Sunset Harbor Dr - Tom Dowd Productions, Inc. 
1811 Purdy Ave - Bar Brothers Group, Inc. 
1811 Purdy Ave - Bar Brothers, Inc. 
1800 Purdy Avenue Suite P - Ccmn, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 7600c LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Gilles Danard LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbor Dr #1406 - Surexiste Holdings, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Harbour Union Ii, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Claudia Montoya Lopez, D.D.S., P.A. 
1800 Purdy Ave - The Waverly Unit 1812, LLC. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Florida Dtk Enterprising LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 2600 N, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 1900 P, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 13751 N, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 13751 N LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 560 N LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Forte Wealth Management Group, Inc. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Green Street Trading LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave #1106 - Oikos Group LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Prez Management, L.L.C. 
1835 Purdy Ave - Green Owl Ventures, LLC 
1835 Purdy Ave - Kdp Owls, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Rlt Investment Corp. 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Armenteros Anesthesiology, P.A. 
1900 Purdy Ave - Bossa International, Inc. 
1900 Sunset Harbor Dr - Techsono Engineering, Inc. 
1895 Purdy Ave - Sunset Clothing Co., Inc. 
1891 Purdy Ave - Deskins Inc. 
1891 Purdy Ave - Herger.Inc 
1891 Purdy Ave - Frankie Thinks Inc. 
1835 Purdy Ave - Orange Owl Ventures, LLC 
1821 Purdy Ave - 7 Salon Miami, LLC 
1827 Purdy Ave - Green Monkey Miami Beach Tree House, LLC 
1801 Purdy Ave - 1801 Purdy LLC 
1801 Purdy Ave - Ag Torino, LLC 
1801 Purdy Ave - Sardinia Usa, LLC 
1828 Bay Rd - Quinta Criolla LLC 
1828 Bay Rd - Il Talenti Di Genova, LLC 
1800 Bay Rd - Wgaca, LLC 
1416 18th St - Miami Jetski Exotics Rentals Inc 
1416 18 Street - Miami Watersports LLC 
1861 Bay Rd - Beach Auto Center, Inc. 
1801 Bay Rd - Touch Of Class Paint And Body Shop, Inc. 
1801 Bay Rd - Ameriguard Security Corp. 
1771 Purdy Ave - Waterfront Properties And Other Select Investments, Inc. 
1771 Purdy Ave - South Beach Music Exchange, Inc. 
1771 Purdy Ave - South Beach Kayak, Inc. 
1766 Bay Rd - Burger & Beer Joint, LLC 
1416 18 St - Jetski Exotics LLC 
1416 18st - Exotic Cars Luxury Cars Rentals LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - C.C.H.A Corp 
1800 Purdy Ave Apt Ph-6 - C&F Management, LLC 
1800 Purdy Avenue Unit 1008 - Sydney Sher Segall Dmd Pa 
1800 Purdy Ave - 3325 A, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 8189 N LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave Suite 1401 - 978kw, LLC 
1800 Purdy Avenue #802 - Yum Yapp Inc 
1800 Purdy Ave - Root Cause Diagnostics, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Stackhouse Capital, Inc. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Pdn Financial LLC 
1800 Sunset Harbor Dr - Lyubov Alexandra Raffoul Pa 
1800 Purdy Ave - Elvis Ftl, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Sky Builders Group, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Abc Children'S Therapy, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - F & L Octagon LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Zoemi Management Group, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - 3925 G LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Sb Strategy & Research, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Mgp Project Management LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Reset Enterprises, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Reset Body Bar Sunset Harbour, LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Minerva Investments, L.C. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Daedalus Associates, Corp. 
1800 Purdy Ave - The Levitation League Inc. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Id Investigations, Inc. 
1800 Purdy Ave - Expat Liaison Company 
1800 Purdy Ave - Uni-Systems South, Inc. 
1834 Bay Rd - Llama LLC 
1915 Purdy Ave - Haku, LLC 
1900 Purdy Ave - Trevo LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - Pvk Investments LLC 
1800 Purdy Ave - State 2 State Restoration Inc 
1800 Purdy Ave - Bft Yachts, LLC 
1410 20th St - Far Go Real Estate LLC 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Sushi, LLC 
1410 20th St - Binco System LLC 
1410 20th St - Palau Fund LLC 
1410 20th St - Core Miami LLC. 
1410 20th St - Quintessential Holdings LLC 
1410 20th St - Pubbelly Pr Holdings, LLC 
1410 20th St - Pb Sushi Trademark Us LLC 
1410 20th St - Roberto Siervo Pa 


Welcome to Visulate

Miami Beach Real Estate
My name is Sue Goldthorp, owner and co-founder of Visulate.
           Visulate is a real estate brokerage based in Mims, Florida.
           We have assembled a database with details of every property and company
           in Florida.
           We can help buy or sell real estate anywhere in Florida.
Contact us if you want to buy or sell real estate in Miami Beach 

Email:




Disclaimers and Disclosures
The information on this page was compiled from public records.   It is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed to be an accurate snapshot of the company at that time.  All information should be independently verified.
The Visulate site was produced from data and information compiled from recorded documents and/or outside public and private sources. Visulate is not the custodian of public records and does not assume responsibility for errors or omissions in the data it displays or for its misuse by any individual.
In the event of either error or omission, Visulate and any 3rd party data provider shall be held harmless from any damages arising from the use of records displayed on the site.
 




Copyright © Visulate ® LLC 2007, 2017.
    
Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions.
    

 
 
 

 

BIOLABMART INC. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











BIOLABMART INC.
List of persons related to the company BIOLABMART INC.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of BIOLABMART INC..

CIK Number: 0001689084IRS Number: 813623646Industry: BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]Trading symbol: Company address: 777 BRICKELL AVENUE SUITE 500 MIAMI 33131Phone number: 7866202140



People related to BIOLABMART INC.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMERFELD  IDO153 HAGILBOA STREET NIRITIsraelMARTIN MEER  JONAH50 BATTERY PL #7FNEW YORKNYJONAH  MEER50 BATTERY PLACE #7F NEW YORKNYIdo  Merfeld777 BRICKELL AVENUE, SUITE 500 MIAMIFL




BIOLABMART INC. on the Web












 












2016 Stock Option And Stock Award Plan (this "plan") - Option Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Option Agreement     > 2016 STOCK OPTION AND STOCK AWARD PLAN (this "PLAN")

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















2016 Stock Option And Stock Award Plan (this "plan")
Option Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Option Agreement involves BIOLABMART INC. | BIOLABMART, INC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: 2016 STOCK OPTION AND STOCK AWARD PLAN (this "PLAN") Date: 3/13/2017 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day















 

BIOLABMART, INC.

 


2016 STOCK OPTION

AND STOCK AWARD
PLAN

(this
“PLAN”)

 

1.           Definitions

 


Each of the
following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below
for purposes of this Plan, whether employed in the singular or
plural unless the particular context in which said term is used
clearly indicates otherwise:


 







 




(a)




“Administrator” shall mean, during
the entire term of this Plan, the person or persons appointed by
the Board to administer this Plan or in the event that no such
person is appointed, the Board shall be deemed the
Administrator.







 


 


(b)           “Board”
shall mean the Company’s Board of Directors.


 







 




(c)




“Common
Stock” shall mean the common stock of the Company, par value
$0.0001 share.







 







 




(d)




“Company” shall mean BioLabMart,
Inc., a Wyoming corporation.







 







 




(e)




“Directors” shall mean each and
every member of the Board of Directors of the Company (as such term
is defined below) as presently constituted and as may otherwise be
constituted during the term hereof.







 







 




(f)




“Effective Date” shall mean as of
the date this Plan is adopted by the Board of Directors of the
Company.







 







 




(g)



“Option” shall mean the right to
purchase a specified number of shares of the Common Stock pursuant
to the terms and conditions set forth in this Plan.






 







 




(h)




“Optionee” shall mean the recipient
of Options hereunder.  Any reference herein to the
employment or consultancy of an Optionee by the Company shall
include Optionee’s employment or consultancy by the Company
or its subsidiaries, if any.







 


(i)           “Plan
Termination Date” shall mean the date upon which this Plan
terminates.


 







 




(j)




“Stock
Award” shall mean the granting and issuance of the Common
Stock pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Plan.







 







2.



Purpose






 


The purpose of
this Plan is to maintain the ability of the Company and its
subsidiaries (if any) to attract and retain highly qualified and
experienced directors, officers, employees and consultants
(“Participants”) and to give such Participants a
continued proprietary interest in the success of the Company and
its subsidiaries.  Pursuant to this Plan, eligible
Participants will be provided the opportunity to participate in the
enhancement of shareholder value through the grants of options,
stock appreciation rights, awards of free trading stock and
restricted stock, bonuses and/or fees payable in stock, or any
combination thereof.  The term “subsidiary”
as used in this Plan shall mean any present or future corporation
which is or would be a “subsidiary corporation” of the
Company as the term is defined in Section 424(f) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time (the
“Code”).

 



1
 



 





 


 

 


 







3.




Administrator(s) of this Plan







 







 




(a)




Powers of
the Administrator: . Subject to the provisions of paragraph 5 hereof,
this Plan shall be administered by the Administrator, and the
Administrator shall have the authority, in its
discretion:







 







 




(i)




to determine
the fair market value of the securities to be issued under this
Plan;







 







 




(ii)




to select the
participants to whom the Options and Stock Awards may be granted
hereunder;







 







 




(iii)




to determine
whether and to what extent Options or Stock Awards or any
combination thereof, are granted hereunder;







 







 




(iv)




to determine
the number of shares of Common Stock or equivalent units to be
covered by each Option and Stock Award granted
hereunder;







 


(v)           to
approve forms of agreement for use under this Plan;


 







 




(vi)




to determine
the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of this
Plan, of any Option or Stock Award granted
hereunder.  Such terms and conditions include, but are
not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Options
may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any
vesting acceleration, and any restriction or limitation regarding
any Option or Stock Award or the shares of Common Stock relating
thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, shall determine;







 







 




(vii)




to construe and
interpret the terms of this Plan and Options or Stock
Awards;







 







 




(viii)




to prescribe,
amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan,
including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established
for the purpose of qualifying for preferred tax treatment under
foreign tax laws;







 







 




(ix)




to modify or
amend each Option or Stock Award (subject to Section 18(c) of the
Plan);







 







 




(x)




to authorize
any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument or
treasury order required to effect the grant of an Option or Stock
Award previously granted by the Administrator;







 







 




(xi)




to make all
other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for
administering this Plan.







 







 




(b)




Effect of
Administrator's Decision:   The Administrator's decisions, determinations
and interpretations shall be final and binding on the Company, all
participants and any other holders of Options or Stock
Awards.







 

 



2
 



 





 


 






 




(c)




Each grant or
award made pursuant to this Plan shall be evidenced by an Option
Agreement or Stock Award Agreement (the "Agreement").  No
person shall have any rights under any option, restricted stock or
other award granted under this Plan unless and until the person to
whom such Option, restricted stock or other Stock Award shall be
granted shall have executed and delivered an Agreement to the
Company.  The Administrator(s) shall prescribe the form
of all Agreements. A fully executed counterpart of the Agreement
shall be provided to both the Company and the recipient of the
grant or award.







 







 




(d)




The Company
shall indemnify and hold harmless the Directors and the
Administrator(s) from and against any and all liabilities, costs
and expenses incurred by such persons as a result of any act, or
omission to act, in connection with the performance of such
persons' duties, responsibilities, and obligations under this Plan,
other than such liabilities, costs and expenses as may result from
the gross negligence, bad faith, willful misconduct, and/or
criminal acts of such persons.







 


4.           Shares
of Stock Subject to this Plan


 


The maximum
number of shares of the common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
that may be optioned or awarded under this Plan is 10,000,000
shares, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15
hereof.  Any shares subject to an Option which for any
reason expires or is terminated unexercised and any restricted
stock which is forfeited may again be optioned or awarded under
this Plan; provided, however, that forfeited shares shall not be
available for further awards if the Participant has realized the
benefits of ownership from such shares.  Shares subject
to this Plan may be either, authorized and un-issued shares or
issued shares repurchased or otherwise acquired by the Company or
its subsidiaries.


 


5.           Grant
of Options


 







 




(a)




The
Administrator(s) shall have the authority and responsibility,
within the limitations of this Plan, to determine the Officers,
Directors, employees and consultants to whom and the times at which
Options are to be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock
which may be purchased under each Option, the provisions of the
respective Option Agreements (which need not be identical)
including provisions concerning the time or times when, and the
extent to which, the Options may be exercised, and the Option
exercise price.  All Options pursuant to this Plan shall
be granted on or before the Plan Termination Date.







 







 




(b)




In determining
the Officers, Directors, employees and consultants to whom Options
shall be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock to be
covered by each such Option, and the provisions of the respective
Option Agreements, the Administrator(s) shall take into
consideration the Directors, Officers, employee’s or
consultant’s present and potential contribution to the
success of the Company and such other factors as the
Administrator(s) may deem proper and relevant.







 







 




(c)




The aggregate
fair market value (determined as of the date upon which an Option
is granted) of the Common Stock for which any Optionee may exercise
incentive stock options for the first time in any calendar year
(under all plans of the Company and any parent or subsidiary of the
Company which plans provide for granting of incentive stock options
within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code) shall not exceed
$100,000.







 

 



3
 



 





 


 

6.           Eligibility


 


Directors,
employees, Officers, of the Company and its divisions and
subsidiaries, and consultants who provide bona fide services to the
Company are eligible to be granted Options, free trading stock,
restricted stock and other Stock Awards under this Plan and to have
their salaries, bonuses and/or consulting fees payable in free
trading stock, restricted stock and other Stock
Awards.  The Directors, Officers, employees, and
consultants who shall receive awards or options under this Plan,
and the criteria to be used in determining the award to be made,
shall be determined from time to time by the Administrator(s), in
their sole discretion, subject to the limitations set forth in
Section 8 below, from among those eligible, which may be based upon
information furnished to the Administrator(s) by the Company's
management; and the Administrator(s) shall determine, in their sole
discretion, the number of shares to be covered by each Stock Award
and option granted to each Director, Officer, employee or
consultant selected.


 


7.           Duration
of this Plan


 


No award or
Option may be granted under this Plan after more than ten (10)
years from the earlier of the date this Plan is adopted by the
Board.


 


8.           Terms
and Conditions of Stock Options


 


Options granted
under this Plan may be either incentive stock options, as defined
in Section 422 of the Code, or Options other than incentive stock
options.  Each Option shall be subject to all the
applicable provisions of this Plan, including the following terms
and conditions, and to such other terms and conditions not
inconsistent therewith as the Administrator(s) shall
determine:


 







 




(a)



The Option
price per share shall be set by the Board of Directors at the time
of each Stock Award issuance or Option grant.






 







 




(b)




The exercise of
certain Options granted under this Plan may be subject to the
attainment of such performance goals, and/or during such period as
may be determined by the Administrator(s) and stated in the
Agreement.







 







 




(c)




An Option shall
not be exercisable with respect to a fractional share of Common
Stock or with respect to the lesser of fifty (50) shares or the
full number of shares then subject to the Option. No fractional
shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon the exercise of an
Option. If a fractional share of Common Stock shall become subject
to an Option by reason of a stock dividend or otherwise, the
Optionee shall not be entitled to exercise the Option with respect
to such fractional share.







 







 




(d)




Each Option
shall state whether it will or will not be treated as an incentive
stock option.







 







 




(e)




Each Option
will be deemed exercised on the day written notice specifying the
number of shares to be purchased, accompanied by payment in full
including, if required by law, applicable taxes, is received by the
Company.  Payment, except as provided in the Agreement
shall be:







 


(i) in
United States dollars by check or bank draft, or


 








 



4
 



 





 


 






(ii)  




by tendering to
the Company shares of Common Stock already owned for at least six
months by the person exercising the Option, which may include
shares received as the result of a prior exercise of an Option, and
having an aggregate fair market value, on the date on which the
Option is exercised, equal to the total cash exercise price
applicable to the Options being exercised, or






 






(iii) 

 



by a
combination of United States dollars and shares of Common Stock
valued as aforesaid.






 


For purposes of
this Plan, fair market value shall be the mean between the highest
and lowest prices at which the Common Stock is traded on a national
securities exchange or an automated securities quotation exchange
on the relevant date, provided however, if there is no sale of the
Common Stock on such exchange on such date, fair market value shall
be the mean between the bid and asked prices on such exchange at
the close of the market on such date.  No Optionee shall
have any rights to dividends or other right of a shareholder with
respect to shares of Common Stock subject to his or her Option
until he or she has given written notice of exercise of such Option
and paid in full for such shares.


 







 




(f)




Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Administrator(s) may, in their sole discretion,
include in the Agreement a provision to allow for the cashless
exercise of any Options granted by such Agreement under this
Plan.







 







 




(g)




The
Administrator(s) may, in their discretion, include in the grant of
any Option the right of a grantee (hereinafter referred to as a
“stock appreciation right”) to elect, in the manner
described below, in lieu of exercising his or her Option for all or
a portion of the shares of Common Stock covered by such Option, to
relinquish his or her Option for all or a portion of the such
shares and to receive from the Company a payment equal in value to
(x) the fair market value, as determined in accordance with Section
8(e), of a share of Common Stock on the date of such election,
multiplied by the number of shares as to which the grantee shall
have made such election, less (y) the exercise price for that
number of shares of Common Stock for which the grantee shall have
made such election under the terms of such Option.  A
stock appreciation right shall be exercisable at the time the
tandem option is exercisable, and the “expiration date”
for the stock appreciation right shall be the amount described in
(x) above exceeds the amount described in (y) above.  An
election to exercise stock appreciation rights shall be deemed to
have been made on the day written notice of such election,
addressed to the Administrator(s), is received by the
Company.  An Option or any portion thereof with respect
to which a grantee has elected to exercise a stock appreciation
right shall be surrendered to the Company and such Option shall
thereafter remain exercisable according to its terms only with
respect to the number of shares as to which it would otherwise be
exercisable, less the number of shares with respect to which stock
appreciation rights have been exercised.  The grant of a
stock appreciation right shall be evidenced by an
Agreement.  The Agreement evidencing stock appreciation
rights shall be personal and will provide that the stock
appreciation rights will not be transferable by the grantee
otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and
that they will be exercisable, during the lifetime of the grantee,
only by him or her.






 



5
 



 





 


 

 







 




(h)




Except as
provided in the applicable Agreement, an Option may be exercised
only if at








 








 


















Option Agreement, Option Agreement Template, Option Agreement Sample - Free Option Agreement Forms (page 1 Of 178)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Option Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Option Agreement, Option Agreement Template, Option Agreement Sample 






These example
  Option Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their
  clients. Use them as Option Agreement samples, Option Agreement templates,
  competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about
  transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of
  legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.




1) Axsome Therapeutics Announces Full Exercise of Underwriter's Option to Purchase Additional SharesParties: AXSOME THERAPEUTICS, INC. | Axsome Therapeutics, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017

2) VITAL THERAPIES ANNOUNCES EXERCISE IN FULL OF UNDERWRITERS' OPTION TO PURCHASE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF COMMON STOCK IN PUBLIC OFFERINGParties: VITAL THERAPIES INC | Vital Therapies, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017

3) Timberline Resources Closes Second Tranche of Private Placement Financing to Facilitate Talapoosa Option PaymentParties: TIMBERLINE RESOURCES CORP | Timberline Resources Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017

4) KALVISTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. NOTICE OF INDUCEMENT OPTION GRANTParties: KALVISTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. | KALVISTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/29/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) STAMPS.COM INC. 2016 EQUITY INDUCEMENT PLAN STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: STAMPS.COM INC | STAMPSCOM INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
6) MERIT MEDICAL ANNOUNCES FULL EXERCISE OF OPTION TO PURCHASE ADDITIONAL COMMON STOCKParties: MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC | Anne-Marie Wright, Vice President, Corporate Communications | Merit Medical Systems, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/28/2017

7) Uranium Resources Announces Option Agreement to Purchase Lithium Brine Claims Expanding its Columbus Basin Project in NevadaParties: URANIUM RESOURCES INC /DE/ | Lithium Holdings Nevada LLC | Uranium Resources, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/27/2017

8) FIRST AMENDMENT TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC. | Assembly Biosciences, Inc | Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc | Parent, Assembly Acquisition, Inc | Ventrus Biosciences, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017

9) NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT ASSEMBLY PHARMACEUTICALS, INCParties: ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC. | Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Indiana
10) NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT ASSEMBLY PHARMACEUTICALS, INCParties: ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC. | Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Indiana
11) SECOND AMENDMENT TO NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES, INC. | Assembly Biosciences, Inc | Assembly Pharmaceuticals, Inc | Israel Discount Bank 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017

12) THE REGISTERED HOLDER OF THIS PURCHASE OPTIONParties: FORUM MERGER CORP | ANYONE OTHER THAN (I) EARLYBIRDCAPITAL, INC | Forum Investors I, LLC | FORUM MERGER CORPORATION 
								Law Firm: Graubard Miller
								Document Date: 3/21/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
13) SKYLINE MEDICAL INC. STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: SKYLINE MEDICAL INC. | SKYLINE MEDICAL INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017

14) Equinix, Inc. 5,277,778 Shares Common Stock ($0.001 per share par value) plus an option to purchase from the Company up to 791,666 shares of Common Stock Underwriting AgreementParties: EQUINIX INC | Barclays Capital Inc | BTIG, LLC | Citigroup Global Markets Inc | Equinix, Inc | Evercore Group LLC | Goldman, Sachs  Co | HSBC Securities (USA) Inc | ING Financial Markets LLC | JP Morgan Securities LLC | MUFG Securities Americas Inc | RBC Capital Markets, LLC | Smith Incorporated | TD Securities (USA) LLC 
								Law Firm: Davis Polk;Cahill Gordon;Sullivan Worcester
								Document Date: 3/14/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
15) Nonqualified Stock Option ContractParties: INTER PARFUMS INC | INTER PARFUMS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
16) 2016 STOCK OPTION AND STOCK AWARD PLAN (this "PLAN")Parties: BIOLABMART INC. | BIOLABMART, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017

17) Existing Stock Option and Warrant Exercises for LexariaParties: LEXARIA BIOSCIENCE CORP. | Lexaria Bioscience Corp 
								
								Document Date: 3/13/2017

18) TREMOR VIDEO, INC. STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE (INDUCEMENT GRANT OUTSIDE OF 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN)Parties: TREMOR VIDEO INC. | TREMOR VIDEO, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

19) Intrexon Creates Precigen, Inc. and Accelerates Strategic Review of Structural Options Related to Health Assets Geno Germano to Step Down as President; Randal Kirk to Remain CEO Executive Search Underway to Lead PrecigenParties: INTREXON CORP | Intrexon Corporation | Intrexon Creates Precigen, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

20) Index and ETF optionsParties: CANADIAN DERIVATIVES CLEARING CORP | CANADIAN DERIVATIVES CLEARING CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017

21) SONO-TEK CORPORATION 2013 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION AWARDParties: SONO TEK CORP | SONO-TEK CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/7/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
22) The Trade Desk Announces Closing of Follow-On Offering and Full Exercise of the Underwriters' Option to Purchase Additional SharesParties: TRADE DESK, INC. | Trade Desk, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/6/2017

23) AURINIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (the "Company") STOCK OPTION PLAN AS RE-APPROVED BY THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ON MAY 7, 2014 AND AS AMENDED AS TO SECTION 2.2 BY THE SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY ON JUNE 8, 2016Parties: AURINIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. | AURINIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/3/2017

24) AURINIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. OPTION COMMITMENTParties: AURINIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC. | AURINIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/3/2017

25) STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: ITERIS, INC. | ITERIS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
26) E*TRADE Announces Base Rate and Active Trader Commission Reductions E*TRADE to lower trade commission rate to $6.95 from $9.99 for all customers, along with a new tier of $4.95 per trade and $0.50 per options contract for active traders (30+ trades per quarter)Parties: E TRADE FINANCIAL CORP | E*TRADE Announces Base Rate and Active Trader Commission | Important Notices E*TRADE, E*TRADE Financial, E*TRADE Bank | NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 2, 2017--E*TRADE Financial Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 3/2/2017

27) STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: 3D SYSTEMS CORP | 3D SYSTEMS CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
28) GOLD RESOURCE CORPORATION 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN NOTICE OF GRANT OF NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONSParties: GOLD RESOURCE CORP | GOLD RESOURCE CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Colorado
29) DEL FRISCO'S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. GRANT NOTICE FOR 2012 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONSParties: DEL FRISCO'S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. | GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, Del Frisco's Restaurant Group, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
30) AMENDMENT OF RESTRICTED STOCK, RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AND/OR STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT(S)Parties: GENMARK DIAGNOSTICS, INC. | GENMARK DIAGNOSTICS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

31) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant AgreementParties: UNITED STATES STEEL CORP | Employing Company | United States Steel Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Pennsylvania
32) LICENSE AND OPTION AGREEMENTParties: SPARK THERAPEUTICS, INC. | 3737 Market Street, Suite 1300, Philadelphia, PA | Selecta Biosciences, Inc | SPARK THERAPEUTICS, INC 
								Law Firm: Wilmer Cutler;Latham Watkins;Ropes Gray
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
33) SJW GROUP STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: SJW GROUP 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
34) Employee Stock Option AgreementParties: UNIVAR INC. | Univar Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
35) THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC. | THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
36) STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENTParties: KEYCORP /NEW/ 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

37) ZENDESK, INC. 2014 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLANParties: ZENDESK, INC. | ZENDESK, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
38) PRIMERICA, INC. Nonqualified Stock Option Award AgreementParties: PRIMERICA, INC. | PRIMERICA, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
39) Form of Stock Option Agreement Under the Teradata 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Statutory Stock Option)Parties: TERADATA CORP /DE/ | Teradata Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

40) UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2000 KEY EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLANParties: UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS INC | UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Georgia
41) ENCANA CORPORATION EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLAN [EXECUTIVE] 20? STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENTParties: ENCANA CORP | ENCANA CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

42) TORCHMARK CORPORATION NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENTParties: TORCHMARK CORP | TORCHMARK CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
43) UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2000 KEY EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION PLANParties: UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS INC | UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Georgia
44) NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: NU SKIN ENTERPRISES INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

45) NU SKIN ENTERPRISES, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN PERFORMANCE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENTParties: NU SKIN ENTERPRISES INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

46) 2015 AWARD AND OPTION PLAN As Amended and Restated Effective February 22, 2017Parties: LIFE STORAGE LP | Life Storage, Inc | Sovran Self Storage, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
47) TECHNIP STOCK OPTION PLAN RULES Authorization of the Extraordinary General Meeting of April 29, 2010Parties: TECHNIPFMC PLC | Technip Group 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

48) STOCK OPTION PLANParties: TECHNIPFMC PLC 
								Law Firm: Davis Polk
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

49) RealPage� to Acquire Lease Rent Options, LROParties: REALPAGE INC | Rainmaker Group | RICHARDSON, Texas (BUSINESS WIRE) RealPage, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

50) STOCK OPTION PLANParties: TECHNIPFMC PLC 
								Law Firm: Davis Polk
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137138139140141142143144145146147148149150151152153154155156157158159160161162163164165166167168169170171172173174175176177178 
 
 

 












