










CENTRAL NORTH AIRPORT GROUP (OMAB) IPO: News - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO News





CENTRAL NORTH AIRPORT GROUP (OMAB) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
CENTRAL NORTH AIRPORT GROUP


Company Address
AEROPUERTO INTERNACIONAL DE MONTERREYCARRETERA MIGUEL ALEM?N, KM. 24 S/NAPODACA, NUEVO LE?N 66600


Company Phone
(52) (81) 8625 4300


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Ruben Gerardo López Barrera


Employees  (as of 6/30/2006) 
933


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (11/29/2006)


Proposed Symbol
OMAB


Exchange
NASDAQ


Share Price
$18.00


Shares Offered
10,439,130


Offer Amount
$187,904,340.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
10,439,130


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
5/28/2007


Quiet Period Expiration
12/25/2006


CIK
0001378239




We will not receive any proceeds from this offering. The net proceeds from
the sale of the ADSs and the Series B shares sold in this global offering are
payable to the selling stockholder. The Mexican government will in turn receive
the proceeds from the selling stockholder, to be used as determined by the
Mexican government.


Excluding our airports servicing tourist destinations, our airports
generally are natural monopolies in the geographic areas that they serve and
generally do not face significant competition.

    However, since our Acapulco, Mazatlán and Zihuatanejo International Airports
are substantially dependent on tourists, these airports face competition from
competing tourist destinations. We believe that the main competitors to these
airports are those airports serving vacation destinations in Mexico, such as Los
Cabos, Cancun and Puerto Vallarta and, abroad, such as in Puerto Rico, Florida,
Cuba, Jamaica, the Dominican Republic, other Caribbean islands and Central
America.

    The relative attractiveness of the locations we serve is dependent on many
factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include the general
state of the Mexican economy and the attractiveness of other commercial and
industrial centers in Mexico that may affect the attractiveness of Monterrey and
other growing population centers in our group, such as Ciudad Juárez and San
Luis Potosí. In addition, with respect to Acapulco, Mazatlán and Zihuatanejo,
these factors include promotional activities and pricing policies of hotel and
resort operators, weather conditions, natural disasters (such as hurricanes and
earthquakes) and the development of new resorts that may be considered more 
attractive. There can be no assurance that the locations we serve will continue 
to attract the same level of passenger traffic in the future.

    The Mexican Airport and Auxiliary Services Agency currently operates 19
small airports in Mexico's central and northern regions. The Mexican Airport and
Auxiliary Services Agency estimates that its airports collectively account for
less than 27.3% of the passenger traffic in this region.

    In the future, we also may face competition from Aeropuerto del Norte, an
airport near Monterrey operated by a third party pursuant to a concession.
Historically, Aeropuerto del Norte has been used solely for general aviation
operations. Recently, the state of Nuevo Leon has approached the Ministry of
Communications and Transportation to discuss the amendment of Aeropuerto del
Norte's concession to allow it to serve commercial aviation operations. We
understand, based on a recent government analysis, that Aeropuerto del Norte is
not capable of accommodating commercial traffic as currently configured. To date
the Ministry of Communications and Transportation has not amended Aeropuerto del
Norte's concession. However, there can be no assurance that the Ministry of
Communications and Transportation will not authorize such an amendment and that
commercial aviation flights will not operate from Aeropuerto del Norte in the
future.

    In addition, the Mexican government could grant new concessions to operate
existing government-managed airports, or authorize the construction of new
airports, which could compete directly with our airports. Any competition from
other such airports could have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations.


Company Description
We were incorporated in 1998 as part of the Mexican government's program for
the opening of Mexico's airports to private investment. We hold concessions to
operate, maintain and develop 13 airports in Mexico, which are concentrated in
the country's central and northern regions. Each of our


 concessions has a term
of 50 years beginning on November 1, 1998. The term of each of our concessions
may be extended by the Mexican Ministry of Communications and Transportation
(Secretaría de Comunicaciones y Transportes) under certain circumstances for up
to 50 additional years. As operator of the 13 airports under our concessions, we
charge airlines, passengers and other users fees for the use of the airports'
facilities. We also derive rental and other income from commercial activities
conducted at our airports, such as the leasing of space to restaurants and
retailers.

Our Operations

    We operate 13 airports, which serve a major metropolitan area (Monterrey),
tourist destinations (Acapulco, Mazatlán and Zihuatanejo), regional centers
(Chihuahua, Culiacán, Durango, San Luis Potosí, Tampico, Torreón and Zacatecas)
and border cities (Ciudad Juárez and Reynosa). Our airports are located in 9 of
the 31 Mexican states, covering a territory of approximately 926,421 square
kilometers (approximately 575,667 square miles), with a population of
approximately 24.0 million according to the National Institute of Statistics,
Geography and Informatics and the Mexican National Population Council. All of
our airports are designated as international airports under Mexican law, meaning
that they are all equipped to receive international flights and to maintain
customs and immigration services managed by the Mexican government as well as
refueling services.

    According to figures published by the Mexican Bureau of Civil Aviation, our
commercial aviation passenger traffic accounted for approximately 15.3% of all
arriving and departing commercial aviation passengers in Mexico in 2005.

    In 2005, we recorded revenues of Ps. 1,380 million (U.S. $122 million) and
net income of Ps. 355 million (U.S. $31 million). In the first six months of
2006, we recorded revenues of Ps. 772 million (U.S. $68 million) and net income
of Ps. 255 million (U.S. $22 million). Our airports handled approximately
10.6 million terminal passengers in 2005. In the first six months of 2006, our
airports handled approximately 5.8 million terminal passengers.

    Our airports serve several major international routes, including
Monterrey-Houston, Monterrey-Dallas and Monterrey-Madrid, as well as several
other major international destinations, including Los Angeles, Chicago and Las
Vegas. In addition, our airports serve major resort destinations, such as
Acapulco, Mazatlán and Zihuatanejo, which are popular destinations in Mexico
frequented by tourists from Mexico, the United States and Canada. Our airports
also serve major domestic routes, including Monterrey-Mexico City, which was 
the country's busiest domestic route in 2005, with approximately 1.9 million 
total passengers, according to the Mexican Bureau of Civil Aviation. Other 
major domestic routes served by our airports include Mexico City-Ciudad Juárez, 
Mexico City-Acapulco and Culiacán-Tijuana, according to the Mexican Bureau of 
Civil Aviation.

    Monterrey is the third largest city in Mexico in terms of population, with a
population of 4.2 million in the greater metropolitan area. Monterrey ranks
among Mexico's most established urban and commercial centers and is the capital
of the state of Nuevo León, Mexico's ninth largest state in terms of population.
It is home to many of Mexico's largest companies in a wide variety of
industries, as well as several major universities. Business travelers account
for a substantial portion of passengers at the Monterrey International Airport.
We believe that both the economic growth of the city of Monterrey and
corresponding passenger traffic growth at our Monterrey International Airport
are closely linked to Mexico's economic performance. The airport is our leading
airport in terms of passenger traffic volume, air traffic movements and
contribution to revenues, and ranked fourth among the top ten busiest airports
in Mexico based on passenger traffic volume in 2005, according to data published
by the Mexican Bureau of Civil Aviation. Monterrey International Airport
accounted for approximately 44.0% and 43.2% of our terminal passenger traffic in
2005 and the first six months of 2006, respectively.

    Three of our airports, Acapulco International Airport, Mazatlán
International Airport and Zihuatanejo International Airport, serve popular
Mexican tourist destinations. Of these tourist destinations, Acapulco and
Mazatlán are the largest, with Acapulco constituting Mexico's seventh largest
international tourist destination and Mazatlán the fifth largest in terms of
visitors in 2005, according to the Mexican National Institute of Migration.
Acapulco is a principal port of embarkation and disembarkation for cruise ships.
In 2005 and the first six months of 2006, our Acapulco International Airport,
our Mazatlán International Airport and our Zihuatanejo International Airport
collectively accounted for 21.5% and 24.7%, respectively, of our aggregate
terminal passengers and 22.2% and 25.1%, respectively, of our total revenues.

    Mexico was the eighth largest tourist destination in the world in 2005 in
terms of international arriving tourists (24 million), according to the World
Tourism Organization. Within Latin America and the Caribbean, Mexico ranked
first in 2005 in terms of number of foreign visitors and income from tourism,
according to the World Tourism Organization.

    Seven of our airports serve small- and mid-sized cities that are important
regional centers of economic activity with such diverse economic activities as
mining (Durango International Airport and Zacatecas International Airport),
maquiladora manufacturing (Chihuahua International Airport and Torreón
International Airport), petroleum and chemical production (Tampico International
Airport), agriculture and livestock (Culiacán International Airport) and
transportation (San Luis Potosí International Airport). In 2005 and the first
six months of 2006, these seven regional airports collectively accounted for
27.3% and 25.2%, respectively, of our aggregate terminal passengers and 28.0%
and 25.8%, respectively, of our total revenues.

    The remaining two airports in our group, Ciudad Juárez International Airport
and Reynosa International Airport, serve cities situated along the border of
Mexico and the United States. Both Ciudad Juárez and Reynosa are popular entry
points to the United States. In 2005 and the first six months of 2006, our
Ciudad Juárez International Airport and our Reynosa International Airport
collectively accounted for 7.2% and 6.9%, respectively, of our aggregate
terminal passengers and 6.4% and 6.0%, respectively, of our total revenues.

    The following table provides summary data for each of our 13 airports for
the year ended December 31, 2005 and for the six months ended June 30, 2006:

                                         Year ended December 31, 2005                          Six months ended June 30, 2006           
                             ----------------------------------------------------   ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                       Revenues                                               Revenues  
                                 Terminal                            per terminal       Terminal                            per terminal
         Airport                passengers           Revenues        passenger(1)      passengers           Revenues        passenger(1)
--------------------------   -----------------   -----------------   ------------   -----------------   -----------------   ------------
                              Number                                                 Number                                 
                                (in              (millions                             (in              (millions           
                             millions)     %     of pesos)     %       (pesos)      millions)     %     of pesos)     %       (pesos)   
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------
Metropolitan area:                                                                                                                      
   Monterrey International                                                                                                  
   Airport                         4.7    44.0 %     598.2    43.4 %        128.4         2.5    43.2 %     332.3    43.1 %        133.0
Tourist destinations:                                                                                                                   
   Acapulco International                                                                                                   
   Airport                         0.9     8.3 %     118.1     8.6 %        134.2         0.6     9.8 %      78.0    10.1 %        138.2
   Mazatlán International                                                                                                   
   Airport                         0.8     7.5 %     113.0     8.2 %        141.3         0.5     8.0 %      65.0     8.4 %        140.2
   Zihuatanejo                                                                                                              
   International Airport           0.6     5.7 %      74.8     5.4 %        122.9         0.4     6.9 %      51.0     6.6 %        128.6
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------
       Total tourist                                                                                                        
       destinations                2.3    21.5 %     305.9    22.2 %        133.7         1.5    24.7 %     194.0    25.1 %        136.2
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------
Regional cities:                                                                                                                        
   Chihuahua International                                                                                                  
   Airport                         0.6     5.7 %      80.7     5.8 %        134.5         0.3     5.2 %      42.0     5.4 %        141.0
   Culiacán International                                                                                                   
   Airport                         0.8     7.3 %      95.6     6.9 %        124.3         0.4     6.8 %      49.9     6.5 %        127.0
   Durango International                                                                                                    
   Airport                         0.2     2.0 %      27.9     2.0 %        130.0         0.1     1.7 %      12.5     1.6 %        127.8
   San Luis Potosí                                                                                                          
   International Airport           0.2     2.2 %      39.5     2.9 %        168.9         0.1     2.0 %      19.2     2.5 %        169.1
   Tampico International                                                                                                    
   Airport                         0.4     3.8 %      53.6     3.9 %        133.2         0.2     3.8 %      29.9     3.9 %        131.8
   Torreón International                                                                                                    
   Airport                         0.4     3.5 %      51.1     3.7 %        136.4         0.2     3.0 %      23.4     3.0 %        133.9
   Zacatecas International                                                                                                  
   Airport                         0.3     2.8 %      38.8     2.8 %        130.7         0.1     2.7 %      22.1     2.9 %        139.7
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------
       Total regional                                                                                                       
       destinations                2.9    27.3 %     387.2    28.0 %        133.9         1.4    25.2 %     199.0    25.8 %        136.2
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------
Border cities:                                                                                                                          
   Ciudad Juárez                                                                                                            
   International Airport           0.6     5.8 %      71.4     5.2 %        116.7         0.3     5.2 %      37.9     4.9 %        115.3
   Reynosa International                                                                                                    
   Airport                         0.1     1.4 %      16.9     1.2 %        115.7         0.1     1.7 %       8.3     1.1 %        127.7
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------
       Total border city                                                                                                    
       destinations                0.9     8.5 %      88.3     6.4 %        116.5         0.4     6.9 %      46.2     6.0 %        117.4
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------
TOTAL                             10.6   100.0 %   1,379.6   100.0 %        130.2         5.8   100.0 %     771.5   100.0 %        133.5
                             ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------   ---------   -----   ---------   -----   ------------

(1)  º Revenues per terminal passenger are calculated by dividing the total
     revenues for each airport by the number of terminal passengers for each
     airport.

    We believe that in many developed countries, annual commercial aviation
passenger traffic volumes can be significantly higher than the total population.
For example, the United States, which had a population of approximately
295 million in 2005, recorded approximately 746 million commercial aviation
passengers during that year. In Mexico, however, air transportation historically
has been affordable only to the higher-income segments of the population,
resulting in a comparatively low level of air travel. In 2005, Mexico's
population was approximately 103 million and Mexican airports recorded
approximately 70 million commercial aviation passengers.

    We believe that the recent entry of low-cost carriers into the Mexican
commercial airline market has the potential to increase significantly passenger
traffic in Mexico. The Mexican government recently awarded domestic airline
licenses to several new low-cost and other carriers, including Interjet, Avolar,
Volaris and Click Mexicana, the discount carrier subsidiary of the Mexicana
Group. These carriers recently announced a total of 16 new routes serving our
airports. We are in discussions with these and other carriers to add further
routes at our airports. In addition, the low-cost carrier Viva Aerobus has
recently announced that it intends to locate its corporate and operational
headquarters and maintenance facilities at our Monterrey International Airport.
It has also announced that it expects to begin operating nine routes in December
2006 and to be operating a total of 24 routes serving 12 of our airports by
April 2007. Thirteen of these routes are expected to be to destinations not
previously served by our Monterrey International Airport.

    As of July 2006, Mexico and the United States are parties to an amended
bilateral aviation agreement that increases, from two each to three each, the
number of Mexican and U.S. carriers eligible to operate routes between certain
pairs of cities, which may include any U.S. city and twelve specified cities in
Mexico including Acapulco, Mazatlán and Zihuatanejo. The agreement also provides
for a future increase, from two each to three each, in the number of Mexican and
U.S. carriers eligible to operate routes between U.S. cities and two specified
additional Mexican cities, including Monterrey. This subsequent increase is
expected to take effect in October 2007. We believe that our business will
benefit from an increase in flights to and from our Monterrey, Acapulco,
Mazatlán and Zihuatanejo International Airports as a result of the amended
bilateral aviation agreement.

    Our principal executive headquarters are located at Carretera Miguel Alemán,
Aeropuerto Internacional de Monterrey, Zona de Carga, Apodaca, Nuevo León, C.P.
66600. Our telephone number is +(52) (81) 8625 4300.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$68,359,000


Net Income
$22,550,000


Total Assets
$745,064,000






Total Liabilities
$74,347,000


Stockholders' Equity
$670,717,000


View all Company Financials for OMAB


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 3 Total: 3
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



CENTRAL NORTH AIRPORT GROUP
424B1
11/29/2006
Filing



CENTRAL NORTH AIRPORT GROUP
F-1/A
11/22/2006
Filing



CENTRAL NORTH AIRPORT GROUP
F-1
11/15/2006
Filing



View all SEC Filings for OMAB




Experts


Auditor
Galaz, Yamazaki, Ruiz Urquiza, S.C., a member of Deloitte Tou...


Company Counsel
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP


Lead Underwriter
Citigroup Global Markets Inc


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Transfer Agent
Self-underwritten


Underwriter
Scotia Capital Markets


Underwriter
UBS Investment Bank


Underwriter Counsel
Shearman & Sterling LLP, U.S









News for OMAB









                        Will Turbulence In Mexico Mean A Bumpy Ride For OMA?
                    

7/26/2017 2:19:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        July Buys: The 15 Stocks Added To My Fund
                    

7/17/2017 8:00:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        June Buys: The 16 Stocks Added To My Fund
                    

6/22/2017 4:08:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        My IMF Portfolio Continued To Outperform In May
                    

6/1/2017 4:57:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        May Buys: The 16 Stocks Added To My Fund
                    

5/21/2017 4:22:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Cancun Continues to Propel Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste SAB CV's Earnings
                    

2/23/2017 11:00:00 AM - Motley Fool



                        Grupo Aeroportuario (OMAB) in Focus: Stock Jumps 5.5%
                    

1/24/2017 9:00:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        A Better Path To Global Diversification
                    

1/16/2017 2:00:00 AM - StreetAuthority



                        Should You Get Rid of Hertz Global (HTZ) Now?
                    

11/15/2016 9:39:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Bear of the Day: Hertz Global Holdings (HTZ)
                    

11/15/2016 8:01:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        ETFs & Stocks That Topped or Flopped After Trump Won
                    

11/10/2016 10:55:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Hertz (HTZ) Down on Q3 Earnings Miss, 2016 Guidance Cut
                    

11/8/2016 7:13:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste SAB CV Earnings Fly Higher on Cancun's Strong Traffic Growth
                    

10/19/2016 1:30:00 PM - Motley Fool



                        Ryder System (R) Q2 Earnings Sales Top, Dull View Hits Stock
                    

7/27/2016 3:53:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Norfolk Southern (NSC) Q2 Earnings Beat, Revenues Miss
                    

7/27/2016 10:30:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        C.H. Robinson (CHRW) Q2 Earnings in Line, Revenues Miss
                    

7/27/2016 9:36:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        Hertz (HTZ) Goes Green with Latest Fleet Launch in Mexico
                    

7/15/2016 7:38:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Altria Group, Intel, Frontline, Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, S.A.B. de C.V. and Enbridge
                    

7/13/2016 9:30:00 AM - Zacks.com



                        5 Stocks with Impressive Growth Prospects and Yields
                    

7/12/2016 12:08:00 PM - Zacks.com



                        Is Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMAB) Stock a Solid Choice Right Now?
                    

6/21/2016 8:58:00 AM - Zacks.com




 Subscribe


                More OMAB News & Commentary



                Read OMAB Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6382.19


-40.56
 ▼ 
0.63%





DJIA

21796.55


85.54
 ▲ 
0.39%





S&P 500

2475.42


-2.41
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            EXCLUSIVE-Former Barclays CEO close to deal to buy Hartford unit -sources
                        



	                     9:51PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Sound Financial Bancorp, Inc. Reports 2nd Quarter Net Income of $1.3 million or $0.50 per share
                        



	                     9:37PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar stalls after bounce, U.S. GDP awaited for potential support
                        



	                     8:58PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Aerosoles explores options including sale of shoe retailer -sources
                        



	                     8:51PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Drop the idea of 'having it all.' That's an impossible standard for anybody. Arianna Huffington, Cofounder of The Huffington Post        Robert Chavez | Central North Airport Group | ZoomInfo.com


CrazyCreative Sim Design Group - L41 Marble Canyon Airport | The FlightSim Store: Downloads - Prepar3D Add-Ons - Scenery - North America
























Enter keywords above or try our advanced product search, click here.
 




  Top » Catalog » Downloads » Prepar3D Add-Ons » Scenery » North America » CSD-001
My Account  |  Cart Contents  |  Checkout  




DownloadsFSX Add-OnsAircraftAirliners &a...Business JetsMulti-Engine...Light AircraftHelicoptersHistoricMilitaryOtherWatercraftSceneryOceaniaNorth AmericaEuropeSouth AmericaCentral AmericaAsiaAfricaMiddle EastGlobalAdventures/M...Design ToolsEnvironmentPanels/GaugesFlight PlannersTrafficTexturesSound SetsTools & Util...Visuals &amp...OtherPrepar3D Add...AircraftOtherAirliners & ...Light AircraftBusiness JetsMulti-Engine...MilitaryHelicoptersHistoricWatercraftSceneryOceaniaAsiaIndoChinaMiddle EastSouth East AsiaNorth AmericaEuropeSouth AmericaCentral AmericaGlobalEnvironmentAdventures/M...TrafficPanels/GaugesTexturesFlight PlannersTools & Util...Visuals & Ef...X-Plane Add-OnsAircraftHelicoptersLight AircraftMilitarySceneryEnvironmentTexturesOtherFSW Add-OnsSceneryNorth AmericaGlobalFS2004 Add-OnsAircraftAirliners &a...Business JetsMulti-Engine...Light AircraftHelicoptersHistoricMilitaryOtherWatercraftSceneryOceaniaNorth AmericaEuropeSouth AmericaCentral AmericaAsiaAfricaGlobalEnvironmentDesign ToolsTrafficPanels/GaugesTexturesAdventures/M...Sound SetsTools & Util...Flight Simul...Aviation Tut...OtherBoxedFSX Add-OnsDesign ToolsAircraftAirliners & ...Business JetsMulti-Engine...Light AircraftHelicoptersHistoricMilitaryOtherSceneryOceaniaNorth AmericaEuropeSouth AmericaCentral AmericaAsiaAfricaGlobalAdventures/M...EnvironmentFlight PlannersSound SetsTexturesTools & Util...TrafficOtherPrepar3D Add...AircraftMulti-Engine...HistoricAirliners & ...Light AircraftMilitarySceneryOceaniaNorth AmericaEuropeEnvironmentTrafficFlight PlannersX-Plane Add-OnsAircraftSceneryFS2004 Add-OnsAircraftAirliners & ...Business JetsMulti-Engine...Light AircraftHelicoptersMilitarySceneryOceaniaNorth AmericaEuropeEnvironmentAdventures/M...TrafficTools & Util...Design ToolsFlight Simul...OtherHardwareFlight ControlsPanels & Swi...Sound & ...Motion TrackingGame PadsDisplay Tech...Cockpits & R...Computer Com...MotherboardsGraphics CardsSound CardsMonitors & P...Keyboards &a...MiscellaneousLiteratureBooks & GuidesChartsMagazinesMultimediaAirlinesAirportsCockpit VideosTraining Res...SpecialsOtherLatest ProductsBundle DealsApparelHats & CapsMiscellaneousBargain BinDisk BackupList All Products












CrazyCreative Sim Design Group - L41 Marble Canyon Airport[CSD-001]
AUD$13.55ex GST









Information


Available Options:




 






Delivery Option:
Instant DownloadDownload with CD-ROM (Digital Media Service) (+AUD$10.25) Filesize: 157.8 MB





Click the Add to Cart button to add this product to your shopping cart.








Compatibility:
FSX, FSX Steam Edition, Prepar3d V2 & Prepar3D V3


Rewards Points:
Earn  30  with this purchase








  
Tweet

 
 









Product Images


 




Description
Marble Canyon Airport (L41) is a small privately owned - public use airport located in Coconio County, Arizona, US. It has one 3715 by 35ft (1132 x 11m) asphalt runway.

This scenery includes the general aviation airport and the small community of Marble Canyon which is situated directly next to the airport. It has been designed and textured to a high level of detail in order to let the virtual pilot enjoy and feel the beauty a real pilot sees when approaching this small airport.

Also included is a model of the navajo bridge which crosses the colorado river to the left of the final approach path to the airport.
The bridge and the associated navajo bridge visitor center can both clearly be seen when looking out of your left cockpit window while approaching runway 21 and make this approach even more interesting.

The approach and landing on the just 35ft wide runway at Marble Canyon can be challenging even for advanced simmers making this airport a great spot to practice your landing skills while enjoying the impressive view the canyon offers.
FEATURES:

 Photoreal Ground Texture with Autogen around the airport
 Night Textures carefully painted for an authentic look of the community at night (the runway and apron do not have any night lighting in reality and the scenery).
 All buildings of the community made in 3D including the Marble Canyon Lodge, Marble Canyon Trading Post, Marble Canyon Metal Works, Fuel Stop,....
 Custom Vegetation around the Apron and the Community of Marble Canyon
 Custom Vehicles parked around the airport area and the community
 a lot of details like boats, rocks, signs, light poles, fences, barrels, boxes,... have been carefully designed and placed


This scenery is the debut release of CrazyCreatives Sim Design.
		




















Customers who bought this product also purchased







Carenado - Beechcraft Bonanza V35B FSX/P3D
Carenado - Navigraph Extension Pack Phenom 100 FSX/P3D
Carenado - E50P Phenom 100 HD Series FSX/P3D
Skysong - P-3 Orion for FSX/FS2004


Abacus - General Aviation Mini Collection #2
Razbam - A-7K/TA-7/EA-7L Corsair II Volume 3


















Shopping Cart










0 items

















Authors & Publishers










Please SelectA VirtualA2A SimulationsAbacus (Online)aeroGAeroplane HeavenAerosim TechnicalAerosoft (Boxed)Aerosoft OnlineaerostudiosAFS-designAircraft FactoryAirline2SimAirNav SystemsAL MuntassirAlabeoAngle of AttackAnt's AirplanesAR MODSArea 51 SimulationsAUsceneAviation Tutorials CompanyAWG SimulationsAzurafilesBaja SimBeti-XBig Fat SimulationsBlackBox SimulationBlue Sky Star SimulationsCanadaSimCaptain SimCaptian KeithCarenadoCAT III SoftwareCera SimaircraftCH ProductsChristian GrillCielosimCitiscape Design LLCClear Sky SimulationsCockpit phDCombat Planes Inc.Commercial Level SimulationsCR1-SoftwareCrazyCreatives Sim Design Grou..Dauntless AviationDavid RanieriDBS StudioDeltasim StudioDesk Pilot SoftwareDreamflight StudiosDreamfoil CreationsDrzewiecki DesignElemental Software Solutionsesci Flightsim PublicationsFarmFlyingUKfeelThereFirstClass SimulationsFlight 1Flight ReplicasFlightSimDesignChileFlightSoftFly Wonderful IslandsFlyAJetSimFlying StationsFlying-WFlyLogicFlysimwareFlyTampaFlyTampa (Sydney)FlywareFranz LuftfahrtFrat Bros DesignFreedom SimulationsFriendly PanelsFS Real China TeamFS-eXceleration SoftwareFS2CrewFSceneFSDP SimulationsFSDreamTeamFSFX PackagesFSimStudiosFSInventions (Download)FSPilot MagazineFSPSFSX Add-onsFunnerFlightGeorges VinetGKSGlowingheatGoFlightGolden Age SimulationsGunnarHeli-KitHiFi Technologies, Inc.Horizon Simulation Ltd.IcarusgoldimaginesimIndiaFoxtEcho Visual Simulatio..inv3rtedco5ineIRIS Development StudiosIRIS Flight Simulation Softwar..JD Scenery SimulationsJovagaJSGPanelsJust Flight (Boxed)Just Flight (Online)JustSimLaminar ResearchLatinVFRLionheart CreationsLMT SimulationLogitechLotus SimulationsMajestic SoftwareMatroxMcPhat StudiosMetal2MeshMichael KulkeMicrosoftMilviz IncMogwaisoftNaturalPointNemeth DesignsneoqbNew Scenery StudioNewport SceneryNJSoftNMG Trading CCNPSIMPANELnuvectaNxgn SimulationsOFX SimulationOrbx (Boxed)OryxSimOZxPacific Islands SimulationPagnian ImportsPavel SirenkoPC Aviator (Boxed)PC Aviator (Digital)Pearl SimulationsPerfect Flight (Boxed)Perfect Flight (Download)Perfect FlightwarePILOT'SPILOT'S (Digital)PlayseatPrecision AerobusQualityWings SimulationsRadek HenysRAF AirfieldsRazbamRDJ SimulationsReal Earth XReal World SimulationsRealflyingReality Sim Scenery TeamRealworld SceneryREX Game Studios (Boxed)REX Game Studios (Download)REX Simulations/MilvizRFSceneryBuildingRichard NunesRicher SimulationsRiddlez InteractiveRolling Cumulus SoftwareRoussillon Aéro SimulationRussian Digital SimulationsRVSoftSaitekSamSceneScenerysoftSceneryTechSecondReality SoftwareSim Giants LtdSimFlyerSimScenerySimSceneXSimulaAXSkysongSpike ProductionsSupression FlightSurClaroSXAirportDesignSynchro-SoftTaburetTakeFlight InteractiveTeam SDBThe Airport GuysThe Guitammer Company Inc.ThrustmasterTopSkillsTopSkills (Digital)Turbine Sound StudiosTurboprop SimulationsTweakFSUltimate Turbine SoundUltimate VFRUTEMUTEM (Online)VEROVertical Reality SimulationsVertigo StudiosVertigo Studios (Boxed)VFR-Short Fields XVidan DesignVirtaviaVirtual Flight DesignVirtualcolVista AustralisVRinsightvrouteWarbirdsimWeFly Works TeamWilco Pub (Boxed)Wilco Pub (Online)Xtreme PrototypesZinertek Technologies

















Publisher Info










- CrazyCreatives Sim Design Group Product Support- Other products

















Notifications










Notify me of updates to CrazyCreative Sim Design Group - L41 Marble Canyon Airport

















Tell A Friend










 Tell someone you know about this product.

















Reviews










Nice piece of work but but needs a couple of additional file ..

















Currencies










Provided for reference onlyUS DollarEuroAustralian DollarNZ DollarUK PoundCanadian DollarMexican PesoChinese RenminbiCzech KorunaBitcoinBrazilian RealJapanese Yen

















Languages


































Store Links


Shipping & Returns
Wrapper Validation
Wish List
Newsletter
PDF Catalog
Mail Order Form




Partners


Sell Your Software
Become an Affiliate




Customer Service


Support Centre
Submit a Ticket




Company Info


About Us
Testimonials
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us















Friday 28 July, 2017


Copyright © 2017 The FlightSim Store. All Rights Reserved. ABN: 98 542 841 470  (web-02)  


























Chart Supplements – Basic Search












Skip to page content


United States Department of Transportation

About DOT
Our Activities
Areas of Focus






 Federal Aviation Administration



Search







FAA Home
▸
Air Traffic
▸
Flight Information
▸
Aeronautical Information Services
▸
Digital Products
▸
Chart Supplements


Chart Supplements
Basic Search


Share
Print


Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter



					Share on Google+








Next Editions will be available approximately 20 days prior to their effective dates. Please report any application errors and provide comments to AeroNavWebmaster@faa.gov.



Effective Date: 0901Z


					Jun 22 - Aug 17, 2017 
					
						(Current)
					
				



Search By

Airport Identifier:
 
Example: KOKC or OKC


NAVAID Name:
 
Example: Texaco, Tex, etc.


Advanced Search




Browse Airports/NAVAIDs By:

State
Volume




AL
AK
AZ
AR
CA
CO
CT
DE
DC
FL
GA
HI
ID
IL
IN
IA
KS
KY
LA
ME
MD
MA
MI
MN
MS
MO
MT
NE
NV
NH
NJ
NM
NY
NC
ND
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VI
VA
WA
WV
WI
WY

Pacific Territories





Alaska
East Central
North Central
Northeast
Northwest
Pacific
South Central
Southeast
Southwest










Page last modified: March 23, 2016 9:00:59 AM EDT




Get Important Info/Data

Accident & Incident Data
Charting & Data
Flight Delay Information
Supplemental Type Certificates
Type Certificate Data Sheets (TCDS)



Review Documents

Aircraft Handbooks & Manuals
Airport Diagrams
Aviation Handbooks & Manuals
Examiner & Inspector Handbooks & Manuals



Learn About NextGen

NextGen
Community Involvement
Performance Snapshots
NextGen Update



Visit Other FAA Sites

Airmen Inquiry
Airmen Online Services
N-Number Lookup
FAA Safety Team
FAA Mobile
Frequently Asked Questions



Work at FAA

Careers
Contracting Opportunities
Job Announcements
New Employee Onboarding




























U.S. Department of Transportation
				Federal Aviation Administration
				800 Independence Avenue, SW
				Washington, DC 20591
				(866) tell-FAA ((866) 835-5322)
			


Web Policies

Web Policies & Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility



Government Sites

USA.gov
Plainlanguage.gov
Regulations.gov
Data.gov



Contact Us

Contact FAA
Office of Inspector General (OIG) Hotline
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)




This page was originally published at: https://www.faa.gov/air_traffic/flight_info/aeronav/digital_products/dafd/search/









