










 













CONGATEC HOLDING AG IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





CONGATEC HOLDING AG IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
CONGATEC HOLDING AG


Company Address
AUWIESENSTRASSE 5DEGGENDORF 94469


Company Phone
(49)991-2700-0


Company Website
www.congatec.com


CEO
Jason Carlson


Employees  (as of 6/30/2015) 
184


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Withdrawn (12/6/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
NASDAQ Global


Share Price
10.00-12.00


Shares Offered
5,454,988


Offer Amount
$75,278,688.00


Total Expenses
$3,750,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
818,236


Shareholder Shares Offered
1,274,988


Shares Outstanding
5,454,988


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001648741




We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering, after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
(including corporate advisory fees) payable by us, will be approximately $39.0 
million, assuming an initial offering price of $11.00 per ADS, the midpoint of 
the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.

A $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed initial public offering price of
$11.00 per ADS would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to us from this
offering by approximately $3.9 million. An increase (decrease) of 1.0 million in
the number of ADSs offered by us would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to
us by $10.2 million.

The selling shareholders will receive approximately $13.0 million in net
proceeds from their sale of 1,274,988 ADSs in this offering, after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by the selling shareholders, which will be approximately $70,000,
assuming an initial public offering price of $11.00 per share, the midpoint of
the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. If the
underwriters' option to purchase additional ADSs is exercised in full, we
estimate the selling shareholders will receive net proceeds of $21.4 million. We
will not receive any proceeds from the sale of ADSs by the selling shareholders.

We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for the following purposes:

• approximately $31.2 million to expand our operations in the United States and
  Asia; and

• approximately $7.8 million for other general corporate purposes in connection
  with our growth strategy, including, without limitation, working capital, R&D
  expenses, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses
  and the funding of potential acquisitions.

We currently have no specific plans to acquire any company, engineering team or
technology.

The foregoing represents our current intentions with respect to the use and
allocation of the net proceeds of this offering based upon our present plans and
business conditions, but our management will have significant flexibility and
discretion in applying the net proceeds. The occurrence of unforeseen events or
changed market and business conditions could result in the application of the
net proceeds of this offering in a manner other than as described above. Pending
our use of the net proceeds as described above, we may invest the net proceeds
in short-term bank deposits or invest them in interest-bearing, investment grade
securities.


We face competition in the design of embedded computing solutions from a number
of sources globally, including our own customers, many of whom have the ability
to design embedded computing solutions in-house utilizing their own internal 
resources. We also face competition from a large number of third-party
competitors, including ADLink, Advantech, Kontron, MSC Technologies, Portwell,
SECO and Technexion.

As the market for embedded computing solutions grows, we may experience
additional competition from companies that are currently our suppliers,
customers and strategic partners, including contract manufacturers, electronic
equipment manufacturers and processor partners, as well as from new entrants to
the market.


Company Description
We are a leader in the design, development and delivery of high-performance
embedded computing solutions that enable computing capabilities across a variety
of system-level applications and end markets, including industrial automation,
medical, entertainment, transportation and test and


 measurement. As a technology
pioneer in our industry, we have grown to become the market share leader in
Europe for the computer-on-module, or COM, segment of the embedded computing
market, according to our view of the market and third-party research. Our deep
technical expertise, combined with longstanding customer, processor partner and
supplier relationships, positions us as a trusted provider for industry standard
and custom embedded computing solutions. Our participation in the design,
development and bringing to market of innovative embedded computing solutions
has established what we believe is a track record of innovation by integrating
complex central processing units, or processors, into flexible, high-performance
computer modules that reduce our customers' system development costs and design
risk as well as provide valuable time-to-market advantages. Our hardware
solutions are overlaid with Basic Input Output System, or BIOS, software that
tailors our solutions to specific end-market, application and customer
requirements, while delivering benefits such as enhanced data throughput and
system security as well as seamless integration within our customers' products.
We are headquartered in Germany and have established a global presence through a
network of design and service centers, allowing us to provide our customers with
local development, implementation and sales support while maintaining a lean and
efficient fabless manufacturing model.

Our technology focus over time has evolved to encompass a broad variety of
high-performance embedded computing products and solutions. Within the embedded
computing market, we provide one of the industry's largest COM portfolios across
a range of form factors, or module sizes and shapes, including our COM Express,
Qseven, XTX and ETX product families. We further distinguish ourselves with our
recently launched industrial single board computer, or Industrial SBC, product
family as well as our embedded design and manufacturing, or EDM, services, which
provide our customers with customized module solutions. Our engineering-driven
sales force guides our customers to select the module best suited to their
individual requirements based on technical specifications including size,
motherboard specification, power supply and number and type of peripheral ports.
Our experienced engineers focus on improving key metrics such as power
consumption, temperature tolerance, processing power and system security in
order to help our customers meet their product development goals. We offer our
customers comprehensive services, ranging from procurement assistance to process
management and support integrating our modules into their end products. This
complete solution approach and our relationships with processor partners and
suppliers in the embedded computing market have allowed us to develop, enhance
and expand our product portfolio and consistently offer our customers a
competitive advantage. We believe this, along with our broad customer base and
market share position, is a strong testament to the established reputation we
enjoy in our industry for innovative technology, high-quality products,
differentiated technical support, a comprehensive partner network and financial
strength.

The global merchant, or outsourced, embedded computing market is large and
growing. The Internet of Things, or IoT, is enabling the next generation of
computing whereby objects or endpoints interact with each other and their
environment. IoT combines hardware, such as processors, sensors, actuators and
wireless transmitters, with software optimized for "Big Data" analytics and
real-time decision making. Industry 4.0, which refers to the emerging "smart
factory" trend in Europe, builds on the foundation of IoT to drive the rise of
new digital industrial technology that connects sensors, machines, equipment and
IT systems along the value chain beyond a single enterprise. These connected
systems can interact with one another using standard Internet-based protocols
and will enable data to be gathered and analyzed across machines, creating
faster, more flexible and more efficient processes to produce more reliable,
higher quality goods at reduced costs. Our embedded computing solutions help to
facilitate both IoT and Industry 4.0.

Our end markets' demand for IoT capabilities has created numerous opportunities
for us built upon key themes such as Big Data, continuous connectivity and 
robust computing capabilities, which are all delivered in increasingly compact 
form factors. As the semiconductor industry continues to test the limits of 
Moore's Law, which suggests that the number of transistors on an integrated 
circuit doubles approximately every 18 to 24 months, processor technology will 
continue to grow in complexity, creating challenges for systems engineers 
outside of traditional computing applications to implement and unlock the 
potential of such processors. Harnessing the power of these advanced processors
is critical to the emergence of IoT and Industry 4.0. We believe that we are 
well positioned to capitalize on these immediate and sustainable trends
impacting the embedded computing industry.

We have longstanding relationships with the world's leading processor companies,
including AMD, Freescale and Intel, which allow us to provide a broad suite of 
embedded computing solutions to our growing customer base. As a testament to our
success, Intel has advised us that we are one of its largest European embedded 
computing partners and the first such partner worldwide to be certified for its
Gateway IoT standard. In addition, AMD recently named us an Elite Partner, the 
highest designation in its Embedded Partner Program. These relationships provide
us early access to the technical specifications and capabilities of new 
processors, which better allows us to integrate the latest processor technology
into our embedded computing solutions, resulting in improved performance, cost 
savings, time to market advantages and greater process simplicity for our 
customers. In return, these processor companies benefit from our integration of
their processors into our customers' end products, while minimizing their direct
engineering, sales and after-market support needs. Our customers' applications 
fall outside of the processor vendors' core computing market and require more 
significant engineering and software and sales support due to the nature of the
applications served. This has created a challenge for our processor partners, 
who recognize the growth potential of these market segments but are often not or
ganized to efficiently pursue them. We have seized the opportunity to address 
this gap in the market. We extend the reach of our processor partners into 
emerging growth opportunities they are not positioned to support without us. We
enable our customers to outsource critical physical design and programming 
challenges for their products, allowing them to focus on their core competencies
such as product definition, system architecture and branding.

We have over 400 customers worldwide in a variety of industries, including our 
industrial customers such as Bernecker + Rainer, or B&R, Bosch and Siemens, as 
well as our medical customers such as General Electric and Samsung. We maintain
close proximity to our broad and diverse customer base through a multi-channel 
sales strategy that utilizes both direct sales and a global network of 
independent sales representatives and distributors. Our direct sales force and 
application engineers are focused on securing design wins by supporting 
industry-leading original equipment manufacturer, or OEM, and original design 
manufacturer, or ODM, customers.

We offer five product families and have shipped more than 1.6 million modules
since our inception in 2004. We operate under a fabless business model, meaning
we outsource all of the manufacturing, assembly and testing of our products to 
third parties, enabling us to maintain a flexible and capital efficient 
business model.
---

congatec AG was founded in December 2004. congatec Holding AG was formed on
June 30, 2015 and registered in the commercial register of the local court
(Amtsgericht) of Munich under number HRB 219746 on July 22, 2015. Following an
internal reorganization, congatec AG became a wholly owned subsidiary of
congatec Holding AG.

Our principal executive offices are located at Auwiesenstrasse 5, 94469
Deggendorf, Germany, and our telephone number is (49) 991 2700-0. Our website is
www.congatec.com. Our agent for service of process in the United States is 
Corporation Service Company, located at 1090 Vermont Avenue, N.W., Washington, 
DC 20005, telephone number (800) 927-9800.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$46,533,000


Net Income
$2,001,000


Total Assets
$34,055,000






Total Liabilities
$14,380,000


Stockholders' Equity
$19,675,000




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
RW
12/6/2016
Filing



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
F-1/A
11/16/2015
Filing



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
F-1/A
11/4/2015
Filing



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
F-1
10/14/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft


Company Counsel
Dechert LLP


Lead Underwriter
Needham & Company, LLC


Lead Underwriter
Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Canaccord Genuity Inc


Underwriter
JMP Securities LLC


Underwriter Counsel
Latham & Watkins LLP






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































congatec Holding AG: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















congatec holding ag
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Distributors - Discretionary
Sub-Industry: Consumer Elec & Applc Whslrs
congatec Holding AG operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, supplies computer components such as processors data cables, coolers, modules, extension cards, panel adapter boards, and display ports. congatec Holding markets its products to energy, entertainment, medical, and transportation sectors worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

Auwiesenstrasse 5
Deggendorf, 94469
Germany


Phone:
49-991-2700-0


Fax:
49-991-2700-111


Web url:
www.congatec.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































CONGATEC HOLDING AG IPO: Experts - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Experts





CONGATEC HOLDING AG IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
CONGATEC HOLDING AG


Company Address
AUWIESENSTRASSE 5DEGGENDORF 94469


Company Phone
(49)991-2700-0


Company Website
www.congatec.com


CEO
Jason Carlson


Employees  (as of 6/30/2015) 
184


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Withdrawn (12/6/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
NASDAQ Global


Share Price
10.00-12.00


Shares Offered
5,454,988


Offer Amount
$75,278,688.00


Total Expenses
$3,750,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
818,236


Shareholder Shares Offered
1,274,988


Shares Outstanding
5,454,988


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001648741




We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering, after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
(including corporate advisory fees) payable by us, will be approximately $39.0 
million, assuming an initial offering price of $11.00 per ADS, the midpoint of 
the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus.

A $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed initial public offering price of
$11.00 per ADS would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to us from this
offering by approximately $3.9 million. An increase (decrease) of 1.0 million in
the number of ADSs offered by us would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to
us by $10.2 million.

The selling shareholders will receive approximately $13.0 million in net
proceeds from their sale of 1,274,988 ADSs in this offering, after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by the selling shareholders, which will be approximately $70,000,
assuming an initial public offering price of $11.00 per share, the midpoint of
the price range set forth on the cover page of this prospectus. If the
underwriters' option to purchase additional ADSs is exercised in full, we
estimate the selling shareholders will receive net proceeds of $21.4 million. We
will not receive any proceeds from the sale of ADSs by the selling shareholders.

We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering for the following purposes:

• approximately $31.2 million to expand our operations in the United States and
  Asia; and

• approximately $7.8 million for other general corporate purposes in connection
  with our growth strategy, including, without limitation, working capital, R&D
  expenses, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses
  and the funding of potential acquisitions.

We currently have no specific plans to acquire any company, engineering team or
technology.

The foregoing represents our current intentions with respect to the use and
allocation of the net proceeds of this offering based upon our present plans and
business conditions, but our management will have significant flexibility and
discretion in applying the net proceeds. The occurrence of unforeseen events or
changed market and business conditions could result in the application of the
net proceeds of this offering in a manner other than as described above. Pending
our use of the net proceeds as described above, we may invest the net proceeds
in short-term bank deposits or invest them in interest-bearing, investment grade
securities.


We face competition in the design of embedded computing solutions from a number
of sources globally, including our own customers, many of whom have the ability
to design embedded computing solutions in-house utilizing their own internal 
resources. We also face competition from a large number of third-party
competitors, including ADLink, Advantech, Kontron, MSC Technologies, Portwell,
SECO and Technexion.

As the market for embedded computing solutions grows, we may experience
additional competition from companies that are currently our suppliers,
customers and strategic partners, including contract manufacturers, electronic
equipment manufacturers and processor partners, as well as from new entrants to
the market.


Company Description
We are a leader in the design, development and delivery of high-performance
embedded computing solutions that enable computing capabilities across a variety
of system-level applications and end markets, including industrial automation,
medical, entertainment, transportation and test and


 measurement. As a technology
pioneer in our industry, we have grown to become the market share leader in
Europe for the computer-on-module, or COM, segment of the embedded computing
market, according to our view of the market and third-party research. Our deep
technical expertise, combined with longstanding customer, processor partner and
supplier relationships, positions us as a trusted provider for industry standard
and custom embedded computing solutions. Our participation in the design,
development and bringing to market of innovative embedded computing solutions
has established what we believe is a track record of innovation by integrating
complex central processing units, or processors, into flexible, high-performance
computer modules that reduce our customers' system development costs and design
risk as well as provide valuable time-to-market advantages. Our hardware
solutions are overlaid with Basic Input Output System, or BIOS, software that
tailors our solutions to specific end-market, application and customer
requirements, while delivering benefits such as enhanced data throughput and
system security as well as seamless integration within our customers' products.
We are headquartered in Germany and have established a global presence through a
network of design and service centers, allowing us to provide our customers with
local development, implementation and sales support while maintaining a lean and
efficient fabless manufacturing model.

Our technology focus over time has evolved to encompass a broad variety of
high-performance embedded computing products and solutions. Within the embedded
computing market, we provide one of the industry's largest COM portfolios across
a range of form factors, or module sizes and shapes, including our COM Express,
Qseven, XTX and ETX product families. We further distinguish ourselves with our
recently launched industrial single board computer, or Industrial SBC, product
family as well as our embedded design and manufacturing, or EDM, services, which
provide our customers with customized module solutions. Our engineering-driven
sales force guides our customers to select the module best suited to their
individual requirements based on technical specifications including size,
motherboard specification, power supply and number and type of peripheral ports.
Our experienced engineers focus on improving key metrics such as power
consumption, temperature tolerance, processing power and system security in
order to help our customers meet their product development goals. We offer our
customers comprehensive services, ranging from procurement assistance to process
management and support integrating our modules into their end products. This
complete solution approach and our relationships with processor partners and
suppliers in the embedded computing market have allowed us to develop, enhance
and expand our product portfolio and consistently offer our customers a
competitive advantage. We believe this, along with our broad customer base and
market share position, is a strong testament to the established reputation we
enjoy in our industry for innovative technology, high-quality products,
differentiated technical support, a comprehensive partner network and financial
strength.

The global merchant, or outsourced, embedded computing market is large and
growing. The Internet of Things, or IoT, is enabling the next generation of
computing whereby objects or endpoints interact with each other and their
environment. IoT combines hardware, such as processors, sensors, actuators and
wireless transmitters, with software optimized for "Big Data" analytics and
real-time decision making. Industry 4.0, which refers to the emerging "smart
factory" trend in Europe, builds on the foundation of IoT to drive the rise of
new digital industrial technology that connects sensors, machines, equipment and
IT systems along the value chain beyond a single enterprise. These connected
systems can interact with one another using standard Internet-based protocols
and will enable data to be gathered and analyzed across machines, creating
faster, more flexible and more efficient processes to produce more reliable,
higher quality goods at reduced costs. Our embedded computing solutions help to
facilitate both IoT and Industry 4.0.

Our end markets' demand for IoT capabilities has created numerous opportunities
for us built upon key themes such as Big Data, continuous connectivity and 
robust computing capabilities, which are all delivered in increasingly compact 
form factors. As the semiconductor industry continues to test the limits of 
Moore's Law, which suggests that the number of transistors on an integrated 
circuit doubles approximately every 18 to 24 months, processor technology will 
continue to grow in complexity, creating challenges for systems engineers 
outside of traditional computing applications to implement and unlock the 
potential of such processors. Harnessing the power of these advanced processors
is critical to the emergence of IoT and Industry 4.0. We believe that we are 
well positioned to capitalize on these immediate and sustainable trends
impacting the embedded computing industry.

We have longstanding relationships with the world's leading processor companies,
including AMD, Freescale and Intel, which allow us to provide a broad suite of 
embedded computing solutions to our growing customer base. As a testament to our
success, Intel has advised us that we are one of its largest European embedded 
computing partners and the first such partner worldwide to be certified for its
Gateway IoT standard. In addition, AMD recently named us an Elite Partner, the 
highest designation in its Embedded Partner Program. These relationships provide
us early access to the technical specifications and capabilities of new 
processors, which better allows us to integrate the latest processor technology
into our embedded computing solutions, resulting in improved performance, cost 
savings, time to market advantages and greater process simplicity for our 
customers. In return, these processor companies benefit from our integration of
their processors into our customers' end products, while minimizing their direct
engineering, sales and after-market support needs. Our customers' applications 
fall outside of the processor vendors' core computing market and require more 
significant engineering and software and sales support due to the nature of the
applications served. This has created a challenge for our processor partners, 
who recognize the growth potential of these market segments but are often not or
ganized to efficiently pursue them. We have seized the opportunity to address 
this gap in the market. We extend the reach of our processor partners into 
emerging growth opportunities they are not positioned to support without us. We
enable our customers to outsource critical physical design and programming 
challenges for their products, allowing them to focus on their core competencies
such as product definition, system architecture and branding.

We have over 400 customers worldwide in a variety of industries, including our 
industrial customers such as Bernecker + Rainer, or B&R, Bosch and Siemens, as 
well as our medical customers such as General Electric and Samsung. We maintain
close proximity to our broad and diverse customer base through a multi-channel 
sales strategy that utilizes both direct sales and a global network of 
independent sales representatives and distributors. Our direct sales force and 
application engineers are focused on securing design wins by supporting 
industry-leading original equipment manufacturer, or OEM, and original design 
manufacturer, or ODM, customers.

We offer five product families and have shipped more than 1.6 million modules
since our inception in 2004. We operate under a fabless business model, meaning
we outsource all of the manufacturing, assembly and testing of our products to 
third parties, enabling us to maintain a flexible and capital efficient 
business model.
---

congatec AG was founded in December 2004. congatec Holding AG was formed on
June 30, 2015 and registered in the commercial register of the local court
(Amtsgericht) of Munich under number HRB 219746 on July 22, 2015. Following an
internal reorganization, congatec AG became a wholly owned subsidiary of
congatec Holding AG.

Our principal executive offices are located at Auwiesenstrasse 5, 94469
Deggendorf, Germany, and our telephone number is (49) 991 2700-0. Our website is
www.congatec.com. Our agent for service of process in the United States is 
Corporation Service Company, located at 1090 Vermont Avenue, N.W., Washington, 
DC 20005, telephone number (800) 927-9800.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$46,533,000


Net Income
$2,001,000


Total Assets
$34,055,000






Total Liabilities
$14,380,000


Stockholders' Equity
$19,675,000




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
RW
12/6/2016
Filing



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
F-1/A
11/16/2015
Filing



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
F-1/A
11/4/2015
Filing



CONGATEC HOLDING AG
F-1
10/14/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft


Company Counsel
Dechert LLP


Lead Underwriter
Needham & Company, LLC


Lead Underwriter
Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Canaccord Genuity Inc


Underwriter
JMP Securities LLC


Underwriter Counsel
Latham & Watkins LLP






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX






































  CONG Stock Quote - congatec Holding AG - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  congatec Holding AG   CONG:US      Unlisted   CONG:US is unlisted   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.09%     Industry Technology Hardware & Equipment   % Price Change -0.66%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   congatec Holding AG operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, supplies computer components such as processors data cables, coolers, modules, extension cards, panel adapter boards, and display ports. congatec Holding markets its products to energy, entertainment, medical, and transportation sectors worldwide.    Address  Auwiesenstrasse 5Deggendorf, 94469Germany   Phone  49-991-2700-0   Website   www.congatec.com              
















Embedded Computers, COM Express, Qseven, Single Board Computer - congatec AG



















  
  


Contact
Login


English
Deutsch
Français
中文
日本語
한국어
Italiano
Русский
Español





Suchen
   



Products


Qseven
SMARC
COM Express Type2
COM Express Type6
COM Express Type 7
COM Express Type10
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX Single Board Computer
Pico ITX


IoT Gateway
Accessories
Product Search
Product Guide
All products
Legacy Products



Technologies


COM Express

COM Express Type 6 Reference Carrier Board
COM Express Type 7
COM Express Type 10
Qseven and COM Express Compact modules based on Intel’s Apollo Lake processors
congatecs 15 Watt Klasse für Systeme
congatec triples graphics performance of its Server-on-Modules
New congatec Server-on-Modules
COM Express modules with latest Intel® Celeron® processors and DDR4 support


Qseven

ARM
Mini Carrier
Reference Carrier
Qseven vs COM Express Mini
Qseven Tablet


SMARC
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX

SBC - the industrial ready-to-use platform
Inexpensive and Reliable


Pico ITX
IoT

IoT Gateway Designs
congatec‘s preisbrechende IoT Boards und Module mit Intel® Atom™ Prozessor x5-E8000


EDM services


Cooling Solutions

Heat Pipe Cooling


Signal Compliance Testing
Embedded BIOS
EPI
Battery Management

A Notebook "out of the box"





Industries


Industrial Automation

Powerful space saver


Building Technology
Digital Signage
Energy
Entertainment


Medical

AMD and congatec - Advancing Next-Gen Medical Devices


Transportation
Test & Measurement
POS / Kiosk

Retail


IoT

Ready for IoT Gateway Solutions for the Internet of Things





Support


Application Notes
Videos

Product Videos
Technical Videos
Explained in 20 seconds
Education at Congatec AG
Social Activities
Webinars
Design Qualification


RMA Procedure
Signal Compliance Testing



congatec AG


About congatec
Press Releases
Events
Quality

Quality Commitment
Quality Management Certification
RoHS Commitment
Product Lifetime Policy
RMA Procedure
AEO Certificate


Partner

Sales Partner
Technology Partner


Social Activities


Subsidiaries
Sales Offices
Technology Alliance Partners
Career at congatec

Open positions
Apprenticeship
Student opportunitys
Application
Why congatec?


congatec papers

congatec whitepapers
congatec technical articles
congatec case studies


Legal Notice








 toggle menu 
 Search 
 Language 
 


Embedded in your success.
[ Computer-on-Module | Single-Board-Computer | Customized Board ]







 






 






 






 






 










 Product finder
 
  Formfactor IoT GatewaySMARCPico ITXMini ITXQsevenCOM Express    COM Express Basic    COM Express Compact    COM Express MiniXTXETX  
  CPU Types AMD® G-Series™AMD® Geode™AMD® R-SeriesIntel® Atom™Intel® Celeron®Intel® Core™Intel® Pentium®Intel® Xeon®NXP i.MX6  
  Power Consumption < 10 Watt 10 - 25 Watt >25 Watt  

Show products 




News


 New congatec quick starter set simplifies evaluation of COM Express Type 7... (27.07.2017)  read more... 
 COMPUTEX 2017: congatec announces the global availability of its personal... (23.05.2017)  read more... 






Events


 Embedded Conference Scandinavia (07.11.2017)  read more... 
 CIIF (07.11.2017)  read more... 






Products
congatec’s products can be used in a variety of industries and applications, such as industrial automation, medical technology, automotive supplies, aerospace and transportation. Core knowledge and technical know-how includes unique extended BIOS features as well as comprehensive driver and board support packages.
read more...




Career
We, congatec AG, are a fast-growing and dynamic company that develops and markets embedded computer boards and modules as well as Single Board Computer. It is our employees who accompany and drive this growth every day.
read more...




IoT
With an already seemingly countless number of connected devices, the Internet of Things (IoT) will be a gigantic growth market in the coming years. 
read more...







  
 © Copyright 2017 congatec AG 

AGB
Legal Notice
Sitemap




Products
							
Qseven
SMARC
COM Express Type2
COM Express Type6
COM Express Type 7
COM Express Type10
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX Single Board Computer
Pico ITX
IoT Gateway
Accessories
Product Search
Product Guide
All products
Legacy Products


Technologies
							
COM Express
Qseven
SMARC
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX
Pico ITX
IoT
EDM services
Cooling Solutions
Signal Compliance Testing
Embedded BIOS
EPI
Battery Management


Industries
							
Industrial Automation
Building Technology
Digital Signage
Energy
Entertainment
Medical
Transportation
Test & Measurement
POS / Kiosk
IoT


Support
							
Application Notes
Videos
RMA Procedure
Signal Compliance Testing


congatec AG
							
About congatec
Press Releases
Events
Quality
Partner
Social Activities
Subsidiaries
Sales Offices
Technology Alliance Partners
Career at congatec
congatec papers
Legal Notice





































Qseven - congatec AG

















  
  


Contact
Login


English
Deutsch
Français
中文
日本語
한국어
Italiano
Русский
Español





Search
   



Products


Qseven
SMARC
COM Express Type2
COM Express Type6
COM Express Type7
COM Express Type10
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX
Pico ITX


IoT Gateway
Accessories
Product Search
Product Guide
All products
Legacy Products



Technologies


COM Express

COM Express Type 6 Reference Carrier Board
COM Express Type 7
COM Express Type 10
Qseven and COM Express Compact modules based on Intel’s Apollo Lake processors
congatecs 15 Watt Klasse für Systeme
congatec triples graphics performance of its Server-on-Modules
New congatec Server-on-Modules
COM Express modules with latest Intel® Celeron® processors and DDR4 support


Qseven

ARM
Mini Carrier
Reference Carrier
Qseven vs COM Express Mini
Qseven Tablet


SMARC
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX

SBC - the industrial ready-to-use platform
Inexpensive and Reliable


Pico ITX
IoT

IoT Gateway Designs
congatec‘s preisbrechende IoT Boards und Module mit Intel® Atom™ Prozessor x5-E8000


EDM services


Cooling Solutions

Heat Pipe Cooling


Signal Compliance Testing
Embedded BIOS
EPI
Battery Management

A Notebook "out of the box"





Industries


Industrial Automation

Powerful space saver


Building Technology
Digital Signage
Energy
Entertainment


Medical

AMD and congatec - Advancing Next-Gen Medical Devices


Transportation
Test & Measurement
POS / Kiosk

Retail


IoT

Ready for IoT Gateway Solutions for the Internet of Things





Support


Application Notes
Videos

Product Videos
Technical Videos
Explained in 20 seconds
Education at Congatec AG
Social Activities
Webinars
Design Qualification


RMA Procedure
Signal Compliance Testing



congatec AG


About congatec
Press Releases
Events
Quality

Quality Commitment
Quality Management Certification
RoHS Commitment
Product Lifetime Policy
RMA Procedure
AEO Certificate


Partner

Sales Partner
Technology Partner


Social Activities


Subsidiaries
Sales Offices
Technology Alliance Partners
Career at congatec

Open positions
Apprenticeship
Student opportunitys
Application
Why congatec?


congatec papers

congatec whitepapers
congatec technical articles
congatec case studies


Legal Notice








 toggle menu 
 Search 
 Language 
 




Products


Qseven


SMARC
COM Express Type2
COM Express Type6
COM Express Type7
COM Express Type10
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX
Pico ITX
IoT Gateway
Accessories
Product Search
Product Guide
All products
Legacy Products









Qseven Product Overview
Details about the Qseven Specification




   




conga-QA5
															 Highest performance Qseven module with 5th Generation Intel® Atom™ / Celeron® / Pentium® processors 
															

All data Compare 





conga-QA4
															 Highest performance Qseven module with 4th Generation Intel® Atom™ / Celeron® processors 
															

All data Compare 





conga-QA3
															 Low Power Qseven module with 3rd Generation Intel® Atom™ / Celeron® processors 
															

All data Compare 





conga-QA3E
															 Low Power Qseven module with 3rd Generation Intel® Atom™ / Celeron® processors and ECC memory 
															

All data Compare 





conga-QA6
															 Ultra mobile module offering improved graphics performance and extended temperature range 
															

All data Compare 





conga-QMX6
															 Qseven quad core ARM Module 
															

All data Compare 





conga-UMX6
															 μQseven module with up to NXP i.MX6 Dual ARM Cortex A9 processor 
															

All data Compare 





conga-QG
															 Qseven module based on the high-performance, low-power AMD Embedded G-Series SOC platform 
															

All data Compare 





conga-QAF
															 High Graphics Performance based on AMD Embedded G-Series Processors 
															

All data Compare 














 Compare products
 Please select products 

8





 



Contact
Tel: +1 (858) 457-2600
sales-us@congatec.com 
 
congatec Inc.
6262 Ferris Square
San Diego, CA 92121, USA
 
 



Subscribe
Subscribe for the congatec embedded newsletter







  
 © Copyright 2017 congatec AG 

AGB
Legal Notice
Sitemap




Products
							
Qseven
SMARC
COM Express Type2
COM Express Type6
COM Express Type7
COM Express Type10
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX
Pico ITX
IoT Gateway
Accessories
Product Search
Product Guide
All products
Legacy Products


Technologies
							
COM Express
Qseven
SMARC
XTX
ETX
Mini ITX
Pico ITX
IoT
EDM services
Cooling Solutions
Signal Compliance Testing
Embedded BIOS
EPI
Battery Management


Industries
							
Industrial Automation
Building Technology
Digital Signage
Energy
Entertainment
Medical
Transportation
Test & Measurement
POS / Kiosk
IoT


Support
							
Application Notes
Videos
RMA Procedure
Signal Compliance Testing


congatec AG
							
About congatec
Press Releases
Events
Quality
Partner
Social Activities
Subsidiaries
Sales Offices
Technology Alliance Partners
Career at congatec
congatec papers
Legal Notice

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


























IPO Report: congatec Holding AG (CONG) | Equities.com
























































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  Stocks End Mixed as Earnings Continue in Droves                





                  How to Grow your New Business                





                  ​Mark Dubowitz from the Foundation for Defense of Democracies on US Policy Toward Russia                





                  ​Time for Convertible Securities?                





                  ​Working with 9 Types of Global Influencers                











US/Global
Canada
















News




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































			News		


		IPO Report: congatec Holding AG (CONG)	

Francis Gaskins


						Follow					
											|
				Wednesday, 18 November 2015 13:53 (EST)









congatec Holding AG (CONG) is a leader in the design, development and delivery of high-performance embedded computing solutions that enable computing capabilities across a variety of system-level applications and end markets, including industrial automation, medical, entertainment, transportation and test and measurement. The company is based in Deggendorf, Germany.

	Seven other companies are scheduled for the week of Nov 16. The full IPO calendar is available at IPO Premium.

SEC Documents

	Manager, Joint-managers: Stifel, Needham & Company
	Co-managers: Canaccord Genuity, JMP Securities

	End of lockup (180 days): Saturday, May 7, 2016
	End of 25-day quiet period: Friday, December 4, 2015

CONG scheduled a $60 million IPO with a market capitalization of $203 million at a price range midpoint of $11 for Thursday, November 19, 2015 on Nasdaq.

Summary

	CONG is a leader in the design, development and delivery of high-performance embedded computing solutions that enable computing capabilities across a variety of system-level applications and end markets, including industrial automation, medical, entertainment, transportation and test and measurement.

	As a technology pioneer in its industry, CONG has grown to become the market share leader in Europe for the computer-on-module, or COM, segment of the embedded computing market, according to CONG’s view of the market and third-party research.

Valuation

Glossary





					Retained earnings  (mm) 



					.



					.



					$12


				 

				 

				 




					Per share dilution



					.



					.



					-$8.15


				 

				 

				 



				 

				 

				 

				 

				 

				 

				 




Valuation Ratios



Mrkt Cap  (mm) 



Price /Sls



Price /Erngs



Price /BkVlue



Price /TanBV



% offered in IPO





					congatec Holding AG (CONG)



					$202



					2.2



					50.6



					3.4



					3.9



					30%





					annualizing June 6 mos


				 

				 

				 

				 



				 

				 

				 

				 

				 

				 

				 




Conclusion

	Neutral plus

	17% top line growth to $46.5mm for June 6 mos

	28% gross profit, meaning not much value added, basically a consulting company

	Net income up 110% to 4.3% of rev, but net income is erratic

	Price to sales of 2.2

	Prce to book of 3.4

	P/E of 50.6 seems high based on 17% top line rev growth & erratic net income

Business

	CONG is a leader in the design, development and delivery of high-performance embedded computing solutions that enable computing capabilities across a variety of system-level applications and end markets, including industrial automation, medical, entertainment, transportation and test and measurement.

	As a technology pioneer in its industry, CONG has grown to become the market share leader in Europe for the computer-on-module, or COM, segment of the embedded computing market, according to CONG’s view of the market and third-party research.

Market

	CONG primarily serves the COM and Industrial SBC sub-segments of the outsourced embedded market. 

 

	COMs are embedded systems that incorporate the latest processor technology into industry-standard form factors such as COM Express, Qseven, XTX and ETX.

	CONGs Industrial SBCs are complete computer modules based on the xITX form factor, built on a single circuit board and that contain various features required of a fully functional computer. VDC Research estimates the COM market will grow from $788 million in 2013 to $1.6 billion in 2018, representing a CAGR of 15% while the outsourced Industrial SBC market, based on the xITX form factor, is estimated to increase from $387 million in 2013 to $839 million in 2018, representing a CAGR of 17%.

Customers

	CONG has over 400 customers worldwide in a variety of industries, including our industrial customers such as Bernecker + Rainer, or B&R, Bosch and Siemens, as well as medical customers such as General Electric and Samsung.

	CONG maintains close proximity to a broad and diverse customer base through a multi-channel sales strategy that utilizes both direct sales and a global network of independent sales representatives and distributors.

	The direct sales force and application engineers are focused on securing design wins by supporting industry-leading original equipment manufacturer, or OEM, and original design manufacturer, or ODM, customers.

	CONG’s deep technical expertise, combined with longstanding customer, processor partner and supplier relationships, positions CONG as a trusted provider for industry standard and custom embedded computing solutions.

Fabless Business Model

	CONG offers five product families and have shipped more than 1.6 million modules since inception in 2004.

	CONG operates under a fabless business model, meaning CONG outsources all of the manufacturing, assembly and testing of products to third parties, enabling CONG to maintain a flexible and capital efficient business model.

Design Participation

	CONG’s participation in the design, development and bringing to market of innovative embedded computing solutions has established what CONG believes is a track record of innovation by integrating complex central processing units, or processors, into flexible, high-performance computer modules that reduce its customers' system development costs and design risk as well as provide valuable time-to-market advantages.

	CONG’s hardware solutions are overlaid with Basic Input Output System, or BIOS, software that tailors its solutions to specific end-market, application and customer requirements, while delivering benefits such as enhanced data throughput and system security as well as seamless integration within CONG’s customers' products.

Design Focus

	CONG’s technology focus over time has evolved to encompass a broad variety of high-performance embedded computing products and solutions.

	Within the embedded computing market, CONG provides one of the industry's largest COM portfolios across a range of form factors, or module sizes and shapes, including its COM Express, Qseven, XTX and ETX product families.

	CONG further distinguishes ourselves with its recently launched industrial single board computer, or Industrial SBC, product family as well as CONG’s embedded design and manufacturing, or EDM, services, which provide its customers with customized module solutions.

	CONG’s engineering-driven sales force guides its customers to select the module best suited to their individual requirements based on technical specifications including size, motherboard specification, power supply and number and type of peripheral ports.

	CONG’s experienced engineers focus on improving key metrics such as power consumption, temperature tolerance, processing power and system security in order to help its customers meet their product development goals.

Complete Solution Approach

	CONG offers its customers comprehensive services, ranging from procurement assistance to process management and support integrating its modules into their end products.

	This complete solution approach and CONG’s relationships with processor partners and suppliers in the embedded computing market have allowed CONG to develop, enhance and expand its product portfolio and consistently offer its customers a competitive advantage.

	CONG believes this, along with its broad customer base and market share position, is a strong testament to the established reputation CONG enjoyes in its industry for innovative technology, high-quality products, differentiated technical support, a comprehensive partner network and financial strength.

Headquartered in Germany

	CONG is headquartered in Germany and has established a global presence through a network of design and service centers, allowing CONG to provide its customers with local development, implementation and sales support while maintaining a lean and efficient fabless manufacturing model.

Intellectual Property

	BIOS Licensing Agreements with AMI

	CONG uses BIOS software to tailor and customize its products for many of its customers. CONG licenses BIOS software and have access to underlying source code from AMI.

	Under its software licensing agreement with AMI, as amended, CONG has a non-exclusive right to use, distribute and market certain AMI BIOS software for use with and, to the extent necessary, to manufacture, market, distribute and support certain products.

	CONG is able to use and modify the AMI BIOS source code under a separate source code access agreement, which, as amended, provides CONG with a non-exclusive right to use, modify and edit certain BIOS source code to develop certain products and provide maintenance support to certain end users. Many of CONG’s customers rely on its ability to modify the BIOS source code to meet their product requirements.

Competition

	CONG faces competition in the design of embedded computing solutions from a number of sources globally, including its own customers, many of whom have the ability to design embedded computing solutions in-house utilizing their own internal resources.

	CONG also faces competition from a large number of third-party competitors, including ADLink, Advantech, Kontron, MSC Technologies, Portwell, SECO and Technexion.

5% Shareholders Pre-IPO

	M&N Holding UG&Co KG          25.8%

	congatec Mitarbeiter Treuhand-UG  15.3%

	Dr. Steffen Lehmann & Cie. GmbH         13.6%

	Heinz Iglhaut     12.1%

	Lin Shu Wan      10.8%

	Gertraud Iglhaut             9.9%

	Technologie Beteiligungsfonds Bayern II GmbH & Co. KG     6.2%         

Dividends

	No dividends are planned.

Use of Proceeds

	CONG expects to receive $39 million from its IPO and use it for the following:

	$31.2 million to expand its operations in the United States and Asia; and

	$7.8 million for other general corporate purposes in connection with its growth strategy, including, without limitation, working capital, R&D expenses, selling and marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses and the funding of potential acquisitions. 
DISCLOSURE:
					The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer



Comments






You have to be logged in to leave a comment.
Take me to log in
Don't have an account?









×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now







 
More on Equities.com



Sadiq Khan: ‘I'm not sure what Donald Trump's beef is with me’


'I slept on the floor in a flat near Harrods': stories of modern slavery


Construction crews chose to work at night, sighting safety concerns














Trending Articles



​PRO: The New Digital Currency Solves the Biggest Problem Bitcoin Can’t




​MGX Minerals (XMG:CNX): Transforming Oil Wastewater to Power the Tech Future




​NXT-ID’s Fit Pay Adding Secure Shine to New Token Smart Rings




​Liberty One’s Pocitos West Project Positions It Perfectly for the Lithium Supercycle




How Millennials are Changing the Housing Market




​DynaCERT Brings Measurable Efficiency to a Global Auto Industry in Need of Reducing Carbon Emissions





Emerging Growth


MGX Minerals Inc.


                MGX Minerals is a diversified Canadian mining company listed on the Canadian Securities Exchange. MGX is engaged in the acquisition and development of industrial mineral deposits in western Canada that…            










Private Markets 


iPRO Network, LLC


                We provide the platform, tools,
						and resources to empower individuals and professionals to market
						desirable goods and services to the public, taking the place of
						traditional methods of commerce.            



Quants Inc


                Quants, Inc, a California Corporation, develops, markets and operates financial technology platforms and alternative investment products offering sophisticated risk management since 2010. The Company has primarily sharpened its focus with…            










Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 















































