







Corsicanto Designated Activity Company











Week ending 28/07/2017

Free Weekly Updates »    
SIGN-UP




Corsicanto Designated Activity Company

Company Summary
Corsicanto Designated Activity Company was set up on Thursday the 17th of November 2011. Their current address is Dublin 2, and the company status is Normal. The company's current directors Patrick Joseph O'Sullivan, Joseph Thomas Kennedy and Conor Dalton have been the director of 6 other Irish companies between them; 1 of which is now closed.  Corsicanto Designated Activity Company has 1 shareholder. This Irish company shares its Eircode with at least 277 other companies.


Company Vitals


Company Name:Corsicanto Designated Activity Company
Time in Business:5 Years
Company Number:506145
Current Status:Normal
May Trade As:Corsicanto DAC




Principal Activity:Management Activities of Holding Companies
Partial Address:Dublin 2




Documents
DocumentPagesEffectiveReceivedB2 CHANGE IN SITUATION OF REG OFFICE.420/03/201711/05/2017B10 CHANGE IN DIRECTORS/SECRETARY420/03/201727/03/2017ACCOUNT DETAILS5831/12/201503/10/2016B1 ANNUAL RETURN1630/09/201603/10/2016CONSTITUTION3417/08/201629/08/2016ORDINARY RESOLUTION317/08/201629/08/2016This company has 18 other documents.



Getting the Full Picture...Vision-net.ie gives you full details on every Business, Company and Director in Ireland, N.I. and the UK.Highly Predictive Credit ReportsCredit Score & Credit LimitsLatest Financial AccountsJudgments Registerd (if any)Director & Owner DetailsReal-Time Risk AlertsInsolvency Notices & MOC'sMedia UpdatesPetitionsCo. & Director Trace ReportsMortgages & ChargesDocs Filed at CRO... and much, much more.Try Vision-net.ie Today for Free »Vision-net.ie covers all aspects of business risk, enabling you to quickly verify existing and new customer details, and assess their credit ratings with ease. Reports start from just €2.10+vat.

 


	
		© VisionNet Ltd. 2017

 


 

Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive...     SEC Filings  Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  ByME Staff 8-k -January 20, 2017 38  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Item1.01




Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.




Entry into Note Purchase Agreements and Pricing of
Exchangeable Note Offering


On January20, 2017, Corsicanto II Designated Activity Company, a
designated activity company formed under the laws of Ireland (the
Issuer) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Amarin Corporation plc
(the Company), and the Company entered into separate, privately
negotiated purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements) with
certain investors (the Purchasers) to which the Issuer will issue
and sell $30million in aggregate principal amount of 3.50%
Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2047 (the 2017 Notes) at an issue
price of 50%. The net proceeds from the offering are expected to
be $28.9million after deducting placement agent fees and
estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The offering
of the 2017 Notes is expected to close on January25, 2017,
subject to customary closing conditions. The form of Purchase
Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and is
incorporated herein by reference.


The 2017 Notes will be issued to an Indenture (the Indenture), to
be entered into by the Company, the Issuer and Wilmington Trust,
National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The 2017 Notes
will be the senior unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will
be guaranteed by the Company. The 2017 Notes will bear interest
at a rate of 3.50%per annum from, and including, January25, 2017,
payable semi-annually in arrears on January15 and July15 of each
year, beginning on July15, 2017. The 2017 Notes will mature on
January15, 2047, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or
exchanged.


At any time after the issuance of the 2017 Notes and prior to the
close of business on the second business day immediately
preceding January15, 2047, holders may exchange their 2017 Notes
for American Depositary Shares of the Company (ADS) at their
option and at the exchange rate described below. If prior to
January19, 2021, a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in
the Indenture) occurs and a holder elects to exchange its 2017
Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change, such
holder may be entitled to an increase in the exchange rate as
described in the Indenture.


The exchange rate will initially be 257.2016 ADSs per $1,000
principal amount of the 2017 Notes (equivalent to an initial
exchange price of approximately $3.89 per ADS (the Exchange
Price)), subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The
initial exchange price for the 2017 Notes represents a premium of
approximately 35% over the last reported sale price of $2.88 per
share of the Companys ADSs on The NASDAQ Global Market on
January19, 2017. Upon exchange, the 2017 Notes are to be settled
in ADSs. The exchange rate is subject to adjustment from time to
time upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not
limited to, the payment of cash dividends.


Prior to January19, 2021, the Issuer may not redeem the 2017
Notes at its option other than in connection with certain changes
in the tax law of a relevant taxing jurisdiction that results in
additional amounts (as defined in the Indenture) becoming due
with respect to payments and/or deliveries on the 2017 Notes. On
or after January19, 2021, the Issuer may redeem for cash all or a
portion of the 2017 Notes at a redemption price of 50% of the
aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Notes to be redeemed, plus
accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption
date. If a Fundamental Change (as defined in the Indenture)
occurs, holders may require the Issuer to repurchase all or part
of their 2017 Notes for cash at a Fundamental Change repurchase
price equal to 50% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017
Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but
not including, the Fundamental Change repurchase date. In
addition, holders of the 2017 Notes may require the Issuer to
repurchase all or any portion of the 2017 Notes on January19,
2022 for cash at a price equal to 50% of the aggregate principal
amount of the 2017 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and
unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date.


The Issuer may elect at its option to cause all or any portion of
the 2017 Notes to be mandatorily exchanged in whole or in part at
any time prior to the close of business on the business day
preceding January15, 2047 if the Daily VWAP (as defined in the
Indenture) equals or exceeds 130% of the Exchange Price then in
effect (which quotient equals approximately $5.05 on the date
hereof) for at least 20 VWAP Trading Days (as defined in the
Indenture) in any 30 consecutive VWAP Trading Day period. The
Issuer may only exercise its optional exchange rights upon
satisfaction of specified equity conditions, including that the
ADSs issuable upon exchange of the 2017 Notes be eligible for
resale without registration by non-affiliates and listed on The
NASDAQ Global Market, its related exchanges or the New York Stock
Exchange. If the Issuer elects to exercise its optional exchange
rights on or prior to January19, 2021, each holder whose 2017
Notes are exchanged may upon exchange receive a specified number
of additional ADSs as set forth in the Indenture.


2


The Indenture will contain customary terms and covenants and
events of default. If an event of default (other than certain
events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the
Issuer) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the
Issuer, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the
outstanding 2017 Notes by notice to the Issuer and the Trustee,
may declare 50% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid
interest, if any, on all of the 2017 Notes to be due and payable.
Upon such a declaration of acceleration, such principal and
accrued and unpaid interest, if any, will be due and payable
immediately. Upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy,
insolvency or reorganization involving the Issuer, 50% of the
principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of
the 2017 Notes will become due and payable automatically.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture will provide that,
to the extent the Issuer elects and for up to 360 days, the sole
remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by
the Issuer or the Company, as the case may be, to comply with
certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively
of the right to receive additional interest on the 2017 Notes.


The Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts
to procure the listing of the 2017 Notes on the Global Exchange
Market operated under the supervision of the Irish Stock Exchange
(or on another recognized stock exchange for the purposes of
Section64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland and
within the meaning of Section1005 ITA 2007 of the United Kingdom)
prior to July15, 2017, which will be the first interest payment
date for the 2017 Notes.


The foregoing descriptions of the 2017 Notes and the Indenture do
not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by
reference to the Indenture (which will include the form of the
2017 Note). A copy of the Indenture (which will include the form
of the 2017 Note) is expected to be attached as an exhibit to a
Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company following
the closing of the 2017 Notes offering.


Lazard is acting as financial advisor and placement agent in
connection with the 2017 Notes offering.


The Company offered the 2017 Notes in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). The offer and sale
of the 2017 Notes did not involve a public offering, the
solicitation of offers for the 2017 Notes was not done by any
form of general solicitation or general advertising and offers
for the 2017 Notes were only solicited from persons believed to
be qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A
promulgated under the Securities Act. The 2017 Notes and any ADSs
that may be issued upon exchange of the 2017 Notes will not be
registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration under the
Securities Act or an applicable exemption from registration
requirements.


This Current Report on Form 8-K does not constitute an offer to
sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security and
shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any
jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful.




Item3.02


Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.




The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on
Form 8-K is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.




Item8.01


Other Events.




Consummation of Mandatory Tender Offer for Exchangeable Notes
Issued in 2012


to the terms of the Indenture, dated as of January9, 2012, by and
among the Company, Corsicanto Designated Activity Co (f/k/a
Corsicanto Limited), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
(the 2012 Notes Issuer), and Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association, as trustee (the 2012 Notes Indenture), the Company
and the 2012 Notes Issuer were required to make an offer to
purchase for cash the 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032
(the 2012 Notes) outstanding under the 2012 Notes Indenture at a
purchase price equal to 50% of the principal amount thereof plus
accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of repurchase
(the Mandatory Tender Offer). The Mandatory Tender Offer expired
on January18, 2017 with approximately $15.0million aggregate
principal amount of 2012 Notes validly tendered by the holders
thereof and purchased by the Company and the 2012 Notes Issuer
for approximately $15.0 million. As of the date hereof,
approximately $0.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2012
Notes remain outstanding.


3


On January20, 2017, the Company issued a press release with
respect to the 2017 Notes offering and the Mandatory Tender
Offer. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1
hereto.


Forward-Looking Statements


This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking
statements concerning the Companys expectations, anticipations,
intentions, beliefs or strategies regarding the offering of 2017
Notes. These forward-looking statements are not promises or
guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Among
the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those described or projected herein are the following:
financial market conditions and actions by the counterparties to
the Purchase Agreements prior to the closing of the offering of
2017 Notes. A further list and description of these risks,
uncertainties and other risks associated with an investment in
the Company can be found in Companys filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Existing and prospective
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date
hereof.


Item9.01.
Financial Statements and Exhibits.


(d)
Exhibits










Exhibit No.





Description









10.1



Form of Private Placement Purchase Agreement








99.1



Press Release, dated January 20, 2017.




***


4



 About Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) Amarin Corporation plc is a biopharmaceutical company with operations in lipid science focused on the commercialization and development of therapeutics for cardiovascular health. The Company’s lead product, Vascepa (icosapent ethyl) capsule, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use as an adjunct to diet to reduce triglyceride levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia. The Company operates in the business segment of development and commercialization of Vascepa. This indication for Vascepa, known as the MARINE indication, is based primarily on the results from the MARINE study of Vascepa in this approved patient population. The Company sells Vascepa principally to wholesalers, as well as selected regional wholesalers and specialty pharmacy providers, or collectively, its Distributors, that in turn resell Vascepa to retail pharmacies for resale to patients and healthcare providers. The Company markets Vascepa in the United States. Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) Recent Trading Information Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) closed its last trading session down -0.04 at 2.88 with 1,251,771 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      RENASANT CORPORATION (NASDAQ:RNST) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders    OHIO VALLEY BANC CORP. (NASDAQ:OVBC) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders    EAGLE FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC. (OTCMKTS:EFSI) Files An 8-K Other Events     CHS Inc. (NASDAQ:CHSCL) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    OHIO VALLEY BANC CORP. (NASDAQ:OVBC) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits    DULUTH HOLDINGS INC. (NASDAQ:DLTH) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Raises Its Price Target On GoDaddy (NYSE:GDDY) to $47.00 
 Analyst Activity – Barclays PLC Lowers Its Price Target On Brinker International (NYSE:EAT) to $44.00 
 Analyst Downgrades – Drax Group PLC (OTC:DRXGY) Stock Gets Downgraded By Citigroup Inc. from Buy to Neutral 
 Analyst Activity – Royal Bank Of Canada Raises Its Price Target On Dominion Diamond Corporation (NYSE:DDC) to $14.25 
 RENASANT CORPORATION (NASDAQ:RNST) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX) and Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO)  July 19, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37888LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1256Biotech Stocks1174Stock Market News1118Small Caps715Analyst Ratings608Canada470   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 

































 SECGems: Corsicanto Designated Activity Co 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Corsicanto Designated Activity Co 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
2













	 
	
	 C/O CORSICANTO LIMITED
	 
	  ARTHUR COX BUILDING, EARLSFORT TERRACE
	
	   DUBLIN 2, 
	   L2, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 IRELAND
		
	
	   353 (0) 1 6699-020    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-12-16Corsicanto Designated Activity Co








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001692195
State of Incorporation
L2
Country of Incorporation
IRELAND
Fiscal year end
1231










All related persons/companies# Filings





 AMARIN CORP PLC\UK (0000897448) 


2




 AMARIN PHARMACEUTICALS PLC


2




 ETHICAL HOLDINGS PLC


2







 








db
 
 










































Corsicanto DAC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























corsicanto dac
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Biotech & Pharma
Sub-Industry: Biotech
Corsicanto Designated Activity Company issues debt to repurchase existing debt and finance corporate spending. The Company raises capital and operates in Dublin, Ireland.




Corporate Information
Address:

2 Pembroke House
Upper Pembroke Street 28-32
Dublin 2
Ireland


Phone:
353-1-6699-020


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 




Amarin Corporation - Current Report






 







Print
Email
 PDF  WORD  XLS






 AMARIN CORP PLC\UK (Form: 8-K, Received: 01/20/2017 07:19:19) 









	 


	 



	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549



	 



	 




	FORM

	8-K




	 



	 




	CURRENT
	REPORT




	Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)




	of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934




	Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): January 20, 2017



	 



	 






	Amarin Corporation plc




	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



	 



	 



	 

















	England and Wales



	 




	0-21392




	 



	Not applicable







	(State or other jurisdiction




	of incorporation)




	 




	(Commission




	File Number)




	 




	(I.R.S. Employer




	Identification No.)






	 














	2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street

	28-32,





	Dublin 2, Ireland




	 



	Not applicable






	(Address of principal executive offices)



	 



	(Zip Code)






	Registrants telephone number, including area code: +353 1 6699 020





	Not Applicable




	Former
	name or former address, if changed since last report



	 



	 



	Check the appropriate box below
	if the Form

	8-K

	filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:


	 




	☐


	Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)




	 




	☐


	Soliciting material pursuant to

	Rule 14a-12

	under the Exchange Act (17 CFR

	240.14a-12)





	 




	☐



	Pre-commencement

	communications pursuant to

	Rule 14d-2(b)

	under the Exchange Act (17 CFR

	240.14d-2(b))





	 




	☐



	Pre-commencement

	communications pursuant to

	Rule 13e-4(c)

	under the Exchange Act (17 CFR

	240.13e-4(c))





	 


	 


	 












	Item 1.01




	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.






	Entry into Note Purchase Agreements and Pricing of
	Exchangeable Note Offering



	On January 20, 2017, Corsicanto II Designated Activity Company, a designated activity company formed under the laws of
	Ireland (the Issuer) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Amarin Corporation plc (the Company), and the Company entered into separate, privately negotiated purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements) with certain
	investors (the Purchasers) pursuant to which the Issuer will issue and sell $30 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2047 (the 2017 Notes) at an issue price of 100%. The net
	proceeds from the offering are expected to be $28.9 million after deducting placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The offering of the 2017 Notes is expected to close on January 25, 2017, subject to
	customary closing conditions. The form of Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.


	The 2017
	Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture (the Indenture), to be entered into by the Company, the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee). The 2017 Notes will be the senior unsecured
	obligations of the Issuer and will be guaranteed by the Company. The 2017 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.50% per annum from, and including, January 25, 2017, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of
	each year, beginning on July 15, 2017. The 2017 Notes will mature on January 15, 2047, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or exchanged.


	At
	any time after the issuance of the 2017 Notes and prior to the close of business on the second business day immediately preceding January 15, 2047, holders may exchange their 2017 Notes for American Depositary Shares of the Company
	(ADS) at their option and at the exchange rate described below. If prior to January 19, 2021, a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) occurs and a holder elects to exchange its 2017 Notes in connection with
	such make-whole fundamental change, such holder may be entitled to an increase in the exchange rate as described in the Indenture.


	The exchange rate will
	initially be 257.2016 ADSs per $1,000 principal amount of the 2017 Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately $3.89 per ADS (the Exchange Price)), subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. The initial exchange
	price for the 2017 Notes represents a premium of approximately 35% over the last reported sale price of $2.88 per share of the Companys ADSs on The NASDAQ Global Market on January 19, 2017. Upon exchange, the 2017 Notes are to be settled
	in ADSs. The exchange rate is subject to adjustment from time to time upon the occurrence of certain events, including, but not limited to, the payment of cash dividends.


	Prior to January 19, 2021, the Issuer may not redeem the 2017 Notes at its option other than in connection with certain changes in the tax law of a
	relevant taxing jurisdiction that results in additional amounts (as defined in the Indenture) becoming due with respect to payments and/or deliveries on the 2017 Notes. On or after January 19, 2021, the Issuer may redeem for cash all or a
	portion of the 2017 Notes at a redemption price of 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. If a Fundamental Change (as defined in the
	Indenture) occurs, holders may require the Issuer to repurchase all or part of their 2017 Notes for cash at a Fundamental Change repurchase price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and
	unpaid interest to, but not including, the Fundamental Change repurchase date. In addition, holders of the 2017 Notes may require the Issuer to repurchase all or any portion of the 2017 Notes on January 19, 2022 for cash at a price equal to
	100% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2017 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date.


	The Issuer may elect at its option to cause all or any portion of the 2017 Notes to be mandatorily exchanged in whole or in part at any time prior to the
	close of business on the business day preceding January 15, 2047 if the Daily VWAP (as defined in the Indenture) equals or exceeds 130% of the Exchange Price then in effect (which quotient equals approximately $5.05 on the date hereof) for at
	least 20 VWAP Trading Days (as defined in the Indenture) in any 30 consecutive VWAP Trading Day period. The Issuer may only exercise its optional exchange rights upon satisfaction of specified equity conditions, including that the ADSs issuable upon
	exchange of the 2017 Notes be eligible for resale without registration by

	non-affiliates

	and listed on The NASDAQ Global Market, its related exchanges or the New York Stock Exchange. If the Issuer elects to
	exercise its optional exchange rights on or prior to January 19, 2021, each holder whose 2017 Notes are exchanged may upon exchange receive a specified number of additional ADSs as set forth in the Indenture.


	 


	2





	The Indenture will contain customary terms and covenants and events of default. If an event of default (other
	than certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Issuer) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee by notice to the Issuer, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding 2017 Notes by notice to the
	Issuer and the Trustee, may declare 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the 2017 Notes to be due and payable. Upon such a declaration of acceleration, such principal and accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
	will be due and payable immediately. Upon the occurrence of certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization involving the Issuer, 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all of the 2017 Notes will become due
	and payable automatically. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indenture will provide that, to the extent the Issuer elects and for up to 360 days, the sole remedy for an event of default relating to certain failures by the Issuer or the Company, as
	the case may be, to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists exclusively of the right to receive additional interest on the 2017 Notes.


	The Issuer has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to procure the listing of the 2017 Notes on the Global Exchange Market operated under the
	supervision of the Irish Stock Exchange (or on another recognized stock exchange for the purposes of Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland and within the meaning of Section 1005 ITA 2007 of the United Kingdom) prior to
	July 15, 2017, which will be the first interest payment date for the 2017 Notes.


	The foregoing descriptions of the 2017 Notes and the Indenture do
	not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Indenture (which will include the form of the 2017 Note). A copy of the Indenture (which will include the form of the 2017 Note) is expected to be attached as an
	exhibit to a Current Report on Form

	8-K

	to be filed by the Company following the closing of the 2017 Notes offering.


	Lazard is acting as financial advisor and placement agent in connection with the 2017 Notes offering.


	The Company offered the 2017 Notes in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
	(the Securities Act). The offer and sale of the 2017 Notes did not involve a public offering, the solicitation of offers for the 2017 Notes was not done by any form of general solicitation or general advertising and offers for the 2017
	Notes were only solicited from persons believed to be qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act. The 2017 Notes and any ADSs that may be issued upon exchange of the 2017 Notes
	will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.


	This Current Report on Form

	8-K

	does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any
	security and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offering would be unlawful.




	 









	Item 3.02




	Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.





	The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this Current Report
	on Form

	8-K

	is incorporated by reference in this Item 3.02.




	 









	Item 8.01




	Other Events.






	Consummation of Mandatory Tender Offer for Exchangeable Notes Issued in 2012



	Pursuant to the terms of the Indenture, dated as of January 9, 2012, by and among the Company, Corsicanto Designated Activity Co (f/k/a Corsicanto
	Limited), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (the 2012 Notes Issuer), and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee (the 2012 Notes Indenture), the Company and the 2012 Notes Issuer were required to make an
	offer to purchase for cash the 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2012 Notes) outstanding under the 2012 Notes Indenture at a purchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest
	thereon to the date of repurchase (the Mandatory Tender Offer). The Mandatory Tender Offer expired on January 18, 2017 with approximately $15.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2012 Notes validly tendered by the holders
	thereof and purchased by the Company and the 2012 Notes Issuer for approximately $15.0 million. As of the date hereof, approximately $0.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2012 Notes remain outstanding.


	 


	3





	On January 20, 2017, the Company issued a press release with respect to the 2017 Notes offering and the
	Mandatory Tender Offer. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.



	Forward-Looking Statements



	This Current Report on Form

	8-K

	contains forward-looking statements concerning the Companys expectations,
	anticipations, intentions, beliefs or strategies regarding the offering of 2017 Notes. These forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results
	to differ materially from those described or projected herein are the following: financial market conditions and actions by the counterparties to the Purchase Agreements prior to the closing of the offering of 2017 Notes. A further list and
	description of these risks, uncertainties and other risks associated with an investment in the Company can be found in Companys filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Quarterly Report on Form

	10-Q.

	Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.









	Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.



	(d)
	Exhibits


	 















	Exhibit

	No.





	  





	Description













	10.1


	  


	Form of Private Placement Purchase Agreement










	99.1


	  


	Press Release, dated January 20, 2017.




	*    *    *


	 


	4










	SIGNATURES



	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
	hereunto duly authorized.


	 




















	Date: January 20, 2017


	 




	 


	Amarin Corporation plc
















	 




	 


	By:


	 



	/s/ John Thero







	 




	 




	 


	John Thero






	 




	 




	 


	President and Chief Executive Officer




	 


	5









	Exhibit Index



	 















	Exhibit






	No.





	  





	Description













	10.1


	  


	Form of Private Placement Purchase Agreement










	99.1


	  


	Press Release, dated January 20, 2017.




	 


	6










	Exhibit 10.1




	FORM OF PRIVATE PLACEMENT PURCHASE AGREEMENT



	                     (the
	

	Undersigned

	), for itself and on behalf of the beneficial owners listed on


	Exhibit A


	hereto (the 

	Accounts

	) for whom the Undersigned holds contractual and investment authority (each Account, as well
	as the Undersigned if it is acquiring Purchased Notes (as defined below) hereunder, a 

	Purchaser

	), enters into this Private Placement Purchase Agreement (the 

	Agreement

	) with (a) Corsicanto II Designated
	Activity Company, a designated activity company incorporated under the laws of Ireland (the 

	Company

	) and the wholly owned subsidiary of Amarin Corporation plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England and
	Wales (the 

	Guarantor

	) and (b) the Guarantor, on January 20, 2017 whereby the Purchaser will purchase (the 

	Purchase

	) the Companys 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2047, which are guaranteed by the
	Guarantor (the 

	Notes

	), that will be issued pursuant to the provisions of an Indenture to be dated as of the Closing Date (as defined herein) (the 

	Indenture

	) in the form of

	Exhibit B

	hereto by and between
	the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the 

	Trustee

	).


	On and subject to the terms and
	conditions set forth in this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:




	Article I

	: Purchase of Notes



	Subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing (as defined herein), the Undersigned hereby agrees to cause the Purchasers to
	purchase from the Company, and the Company hereby agrees to issue and sell to the Purchasers, the principal amount of the Notes set forth in

	Exhibit A

	for the cash purchase price specified in

	Exhibit A

	.


	The closing of the Purchase (the 

	Closing

	) shall occur on a date (the 

	Closing Date

	) which the parties
	intend to be January 25, 2017. At the Closing, (a) each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the Purchase Price specified on

	Exhibit A

	hereto and (b) upon receipt of the Purchase Price, the
	Company shall issue to each Purchaser the principal amount of Notes specified on

	Exhibit A

	hereto (collectively, the 

	Purchased Notes

	) (or, if there are no Accounts, the Undersigned, as the sole Purchaser, shall deliver
	to the Company the Purchase Price and upon receipt of the Purchase Price, the Company shall deliver to the Undersigned the Purchased Notes); provided, however, that the parties acknowledge that the delivery of the Purchased Notes to the Purchaser
	may be delayed due to procedures and mechanics within the system of the Depository Trust Company, Euroclear/CREST, the Irish Stock Exchange plc or the NASDAQ Global Market (

	NASDAQ

	), or other events beyond the Companys
	control and that such delay will not be a default under this Agreement so long as (i) the Company is using its reasonable best efforts to effect the issuance of one or more global notes representing the Purchased Notes, (ii) such delay is
	no longer than five business days, and (iii) interest shall accrue on such Purchased Notes from January 25, 2017. Contemporaneously with or after the Closing, the Company may issue Notes to one or more other investors, subject to the terms of
	the Indenture. Lazard Frères & Co. LLC (

	Lazard

	) shall provide instructions to the Undersigned for settlement of the Purchase. The delivery of the Purchased Notes will be effected via DWAC. The Companys wiring
	instructions for delivery of the principal amount of Purchased Notes and DWAC settlement instructions will be provided by Lazard post-pricing.




	Article II

	: Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers



	The Undersigned hereby covenants as follows, and makes the following representations and warranties on its own behalf and, where specified
	below, on behalf of each Account, each of which is and shall be true and correct on the date hereof and at the Closing, to the Company, the Guarantor and Lazard, and all such covenants, representations and warranties shall survive the Closing.






	Section




	 2.1



	Power and Authorization.


	Each of the
	Undersigned and each Purchaser is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of formation, and the Undersigned has the power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its
	obligations hereunder, and to consummate the Purchase contemplated hereby, in each case on behalf of itself and each Account. If the Undersigned is executing this Agreement on behalf of Accounts, (a) the Undersigned has all requisite
	discretionary and contractual authority to enter into this Agreement on behalf of, and bind, each Account, and (b)

	 Exhibit




	 A

	hereto is a true, correct and complete list of (i) the name of each Account and
	(ii) the principal amount of Purchased Notes to be issued to such Account.



	Section




	 2.2



	Valid and
	Enforceable Agreement; No Violations.


	This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Undersigned and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Undersigned and each Purchaser, enforceable against the Undersigned
	and each such Purchaser in accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be subject to (a) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting or relating to enforcement of
	creditors rights generally, and (b) general principles of equity, whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity (the 

	Enforceability Exceptions

	). This Agreement and consummation of the
	Purchase will not violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under (i) the Undersigneds or such Purchasers organizational documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument to which the Undersigned or such Purchaser is
	a party or by which the Undersigned or such Purchaser or any of their respective assets are bound, or (iii) any laws, regulations or governmental or judicial decrees, injunctions or orders applicable to the Undersigned or such Purchaser.



	Section




	 2.3



	Qualified Institutional Buyer.


	Each Purchaser is a qualified institutional
	buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.



	Section




	 2.4



	No
	Affiliates.


	No Purchaser is, or has been at any time during the consecutive three-month period preceding the date hereof, a director, officer or affiliate within the meaning of Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act (an
	

	Affiliate

	) of the Company or the Guarantor.



	Section




	 2.5



	Restricted Notes, American
	Depository Shares and Shares.


	Each Purchaser (a) acknowledges that the issuance of the Purchased Notes pursuant to the Purchase and the issuance of any American Depository Shares of the Guarantor (the 

	Conversion
	ADSs

	), each representing one ordinary share, 50 pence par value per share, of the Guarantor (the 

	Conversion


	Shares

	), upon conversion of any of the Purchased Notes (the Conversion ADSs and the Conversion Shares,
	together, the 

	Conversion Securities

	) have not been registered or qualified under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and the Purchased Notes and Conversion Securities are being offered and sold in reliance upon
	exemptions provided in the Securities Act and state securities laws for transactions not involving any public offering and, therefore, cannot be sold, transferred, offered for sale, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of unless they are
	subsequently registered and qualified under the Securities Act and applicable state laws or unless an exemption from such registration and qualification is available, and that evidence of the Purchased Notes and Conversion Securities will bear a
	legend to such effect as specified in the Indenture, and (b) is purchasing the Purchased Notes and Conversion Securities for investment purposes only for the account of such Purchaser and not with any view toward a distribution thereof or with
	any intention of selling, distributing or otherwise disposing of the Purchased Notes or Conversion Securities in a manner that would violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Undersigned and each Purchaser confirms to the
	Company and Lazard that it has such knowledge and experience in business matters that the Undersigned and each such Purchaser is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Purchased Notes or the Conversion Securities and of
	making an informed investment decision and understands that (x) this investment is suitable only for an investor which is able to bear the economic consequences of losing its entire investment and (y) the purchase of the Purchased Notes or
	the Conversion Securities by the Undersigned and each Purchaser is a speculative investment which involves a high degree of risk of loss of the entire investment.


	 


	2






	Section




	 2.6



	No Illegal Transactions.


	Each of the
	Undersigned and each Purchaser has not, directly or indirectly, and no person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with it has, disclosed to a third party any information regarding the Purchase nor engaged in any transactions in the
	securities of the Company or the Guarantor (including, without limitation, any Short Sales (as defined below) involving any of the Companys or the Guarantors securities) since the time that the Undersigned was first contacted by any of
	the Company, the Guarantor, Lazard or any other person regarding the Purchase, this Agreement or an investment in the Purchased Notes or the Company or the Guarantor. Each of the Undersigned and such Purchaser covenants that neither it nor any
	person acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will disclose to a third party any information regarding the Purchase or engage, directly or indirectly, in any transactions in the securities of the Company or the Guarantor
	(including Short Sales) prior to the time the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company. 

	Short Sales

	 include, without limitation, all short sales as defined in Rule 200 of
	Regulation SHO promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 

	Exchange Act

	), and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, derivatives
	and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other transactions through

	non-U.S.

	broker-dealers or foreign regulated brokers. Solely for purposes of this Section 2.6,
	subject to the Undersigneds and such Purchasers compliance with their respective obligations under the U.S. federal securities laws and the Undersigneds and such Purchasers respective internal policies, (a) the terms
	Undersigned and Purchaser shall not be deemed to include any employees, subsidiaries, desks, groups or affiliates of the Undersigned or such Purchaser that are effectively walled off by appropriate Fire Wall
	information barriers approved by the Undersigneds or the Purchasers respective legal or compliance department (and thus such walled off parties have not been privy to any information concerning the Purchase), and (b) the foregoing
	representations and covenants of this Section 2.6 shall not apply to any transaction by or on behalf of an Account, desk or group that was effected without the advice or participation of, or such Accounts, desks or groups
	receipt of information regarding the Purchase provided by, the Undersigned.



	Section




	 2.7



	Adequate
	Information; No Reliance.




	The Undersigned acknowledges and agrees on behalf of itself and each Purchaser that (a) the Undersigned has been furnished with all materials it considers relevant to making an investment decision to
	enter into the Purchase and has had the opportunity to review the Guarantors filings and submissions with the SEC, including, without limitation, all information filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act, (b) the Undersigned has had
	a full opportunity to ask questions of the Company and the Guarantor concerning the Company and the Guarantor, respectively, their respective businesses, operations, financial performances, financial conditions and prospects, and the terms and
	conditions of the Purchase, (c) the Undersigned has had the opportunity to consult with its accounting, tax, financial and legal advisors to be able to evaluate the risks and consequences involved in the Purchase and to make an informed
	investment decision with respect to such Purchase, (d) neither the Company nor Lazard is acting as a fiduciary or financial or investment adviser to the Undersigned or such Purchaser, and (e) neither the Undersigned nor such Purchaser is
	relying, and none of them has relied, upon any statement, advice (whether accounting, tax, financial, legal or other), representation or warranty made by the Company, the Guarantor or any of their respective affiliates or representatives including,
	without limitation, Lazard, except for (i) the publicly available filings and submissions made by the Guarantor with the SEC under the Exchange Act and (ii) the representations and warranties made by the Company and the Guarantor in this
	Agreement.



	Section




	 2.8



	No Public Market.




	Each Purchaser understands that no public market
	exists for the Purchased Notes, and that there is no assurance that a public market will ever develop for the Purchased Notes.



	Section




	 2.9



	Subsequent Offers and Resales of the Purchased Notes in Ireland.




	Each Purchaser
	agrees that:


	(a) The Purchased Notes will not be resold or otherwise transferred in Ireland:


	(i) otherwise than in conformity with the Prospectus (Directive 2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005 (as amended) of Ireland and any rules issued by
	the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland;


	 


	3





	(ii) otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Communities (Markets in
	Financial Instruments) Regulations 2007 (Nos. 1 to 3) (as amended), including, without limitation, Regulations 7 and 152 thereof or any codes of conduct used in connection therewith and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998; and


	(iii) otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2015
	of Ireland (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland.


	(b) No action may otherwise be taken in Ireland in respect of the Purchased Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the
	provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014)) and any rules issued by the Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland.




	Article III

	: Covenants, Representations and Warranties of the Company and the Guarantor



	Each of the Company and, where specified below, the Guarantor, hereby covenants as follows, and makes the following representations and
	warranties, each of which is and shall be true and correct on the date hereof and at the Closing, to the Purchasers and Lazard, and all such covenants, representations and warranties shall survive the Closing.



	Section




	 3.1



	Power and Authorization.


	Each of the Company and the Guarantor is duly organized, validly
	existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and has the power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Indenture, to perform its respective obligations hereunder and thereunder, and
	to consummate the Purchase contemplated hereby.



	Section




	 3.2



	Valid and Enforceable Agreements; No
	Violations.


	This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor in
	accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. At the Closing, the Indenture, substantially in the form of

	Exhibit




	 B

	hereto, will have been duly executed and
	delivered by the Company and the Guarantor and will govern the terms of the Notes, and the Indenture will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of the Company and the Guarantor, enforceable against the Company and the Guarantor in
	accordance with its terms, except that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability Exceptions. This Agreement, the Indenture and consummation of the Purchase will not violate, conflict with or result in a breach of or default under
	(a) the memorandum and articles of association, the charter, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Company and the Guarantor, (b) any material agreement or instrument to which the Company or the Guarantor is a party or by which
	the Company or the Guarantor or any of their respective assets are bound, or (c) any laws, regulations or governmental or judicial decrees, injunctions or orders applicable to the Company or the Guarantor except in the case of clauses
	(b) and (c) where such violations, conflicts, breaches or defaults would not affect the Companys or the Guarantors respective businesses or their respective ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby in any material
	respect.



	Section




	 3.3



	Validity of the Purchased Notes.


	The Purchased Notes and the guarantee
	thereof have been duly authorized by the Company and the Guarantor, respectively, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to the Purchaser pursuant to the Purchase against delivery of the
	Purchase Price in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Purchased Notes and the guarantee thereof will be valid and legally binding obligations of the Company and the Guarantor, respectively, enforceable in accordance with their terms,
	except that such enforcement may be subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and the Purchased Notes will not be subject to any preemptive, participation, rights of first refusal or other similar rights (other than any such rights that will be
	waived prior to the Closing). Assuming the accuracy of each Purchasers representations and warranties hereunder, the Purchased Notes (a) will be issued in the Purchase exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
	pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and (b) will be issued in compliance with all applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance of the Purchased Notes.


	 


	4






	Section




	 3.4



	Validity of Underlying American Depository
	Shares.


	The Purchased Notes have an exchange feature whereby the Purchased Notes may be exchanged for Conversion ADSs in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. The Guarantor has obtained authority under sections 551 and 570 of the UK
	Companies Act 2006 to issue the Conversion Shares, free from

	pre-emption

	rights or other third party rights and the Conversion ADSs have been duly authorized and reserved by the Guarantor for issuance upon
	exchange of the Purchased Notes and, when issued upon exchange of the Purchased Notes in accordance with the terms of the Purchased Notes and the Indenture, the Conversion ADSs will be validly issued, fully paid and

	non-assessable,

	and the issuance of the Conversion ADSs will not be subject to any preemptive, participation, rights of first refusal or other similar rights.



	Section




	 3.5



	Listing Approval.


	On or within one business day immediately following a conversion date
	with respect to the Purchased Notes, the Conversion ADSs delivered in connection with such conversion shall be approved for listing on The NASDAQ Global Market, subject to a notice of issuance.



	Section




	 3.6



	Disclosure.


	On or before the first business day following the date of this Agreement, the
	Guarantor shall issue a publicly available press release or file with the SEC a Current Report on

	Form 8-K

	disclosing all material terms of the Purchase.



	Section




	 3.7



	No Litigation



	.

	There is no action, lawsuit, arbitration, claim or proceeding
	pending or, to the knowledge of the Company and the Guarantor, threatened, against the Company or the Guarantor that would reasonably be expected to impede the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.




	Article IV

	: Miscellaneous




	Section




	 4.1



	Entire Agreement.


	This Agreement and any documents and agreements executed in connection
	with the Purchase embody the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous oral or written agreements, representations, warranties, contracts,
	correspondence, conversations, memoranda and understandings between or among the parties or any of their agents, representatives or affiliates relative to such subject matter, including, without limitation, any term sheets, emails or draft
	documents.



	Section




	 4.2



	Construction.


	References in the singular shall include the plural, and
	vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. References in the masculine shall include the feminine and neuter, and vice versa, unless the context otherwise requires. Headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall
	not limit or otherwise affect the meanings of the provisions hereof. Neither party, nor its respective counsel, shall be deemed the drafter of this Agreement for purposes of construing the provisions of this Agreement, and all language in all parts
	of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with its fair meaning, and not strictly for or against either party.



	Section




	 4.3



	Governing Law.


	This Agreement shall in all respects be construed in accordance with and
	governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York, without reference to its choice of law rules.



	Section




	 4.4



	Counterparts.


	This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be
	deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any counterpart or other signature hereon delivered by facsimile or any standard form of telecommunication or

	e-mail

	shall be deemed for all purposes as constituting good and valid execution and delivery of this Agreement by such party.



	Section




	 4.5



	Third Party Beneficiaries.


	This Agreement is also intended for the immediate benefit of
	Lazard. Lazard may rely on the provisions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the respective covenants, representations and warranties of the Undersigned, each Purchaser and the Company.


	 


	5





	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this Agreement to be executed as of the
	date first above written.


	 



























	UNDERSIGNED

	:


	 




	 



	COMPANY

	:













	 



	 




	 



	SIGNED by Michael W. Kalb, for and on behalf of CORSICANTO II DESIGNATED ACTIVITY COMPANY as its duly authorized and lawfully appointed attorney






	(in its capacities described in the first paragraph hereof)



	 




	 
















	By:


	 



	 



	 




	 




	 


















	Name:


	 



	 



	 




	 




	 


















	Title:


	 



	 



	 




	 


	By:


	 



	 



















	 




	 




	 


	Name:


	 



	 



















	 




	 




	 


	Title:


	 



	 















	GUARANTOR

	:


	 



	SIGNED by John F. Thero, Director, Chief Executive Officer and President, for and on behalf of AMARIN CORPORATION PLC




	 




	 


















	By:


	 



	 



	 




	 




	 


















	Name:


	 



	 



	 




	 




	 



















	Title:


	 



	 



	 




	 




	 






	Signature Page to Purchase Agreement


	Corsicanto II Designated Activity Company 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2047, Guaranteed by Amarin Corporation plc.









	Exhibit 99.1



	 






	Amarin Announces Debt Restructuring and Related Private Placement of Exchangeable Senior Notes



	BEDMINSTER, N.J., and DUBLIN, Ireland January 20, 2017  Amarin Corporation plc (Nasdaq: AMRN) (Amarin) announced today that it
	and its wholly owned subsidiary, Corsicanto II Designated Activity Company (the Issuer), have entered into separate, privately negotiated purchase agreements with certain investors pursuant to which the Issuer will issue and sell
	$30.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2047 (the 2017 Notes), which will be guaranteed by Amarin, at an issue price of 100%. The purchase agreements were entered into in contemplation
	of the surrender for purchase of approximately $15.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032, which were issued in January 2012 by a subsidiary of Amarin (the 2012 Notes). As detailed in an
	Amarin press release issued on December 16, 2016, Amarin was required by the terms of the indenture governing the 2012 Notes to purchase all 2012 Notes surrendered to it on January 19, 2017. As of today, approximately $0.1 million
	aggregate principal amount of 2012 Notes remain outstanding.


	The 2017 Notes will be exchangeable into American Depositary Shares of Amarin
	(ADSs) at the option of the holders at an initial exchange rate of 257.2016 ADSs per $1,000 principal amount of 2017 Notes (equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately $3.89 per ADS), subject to adjustment in certain
	circumstances. The exchange price represents a premium of approximately 35% over the last reported sale price of $2.88 per share of Amarins ADS on The NASDAQ Global Market on January 19, 2017. The transaction is expected to close on
	January 25, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.


	The net proceeds from the offering are expected to be $28.9 million after deducting
	placement agent fees and estimated offering expenses payable by Amarin. A portion of the net proceeds from the offering will replenish approximately $15.0 million of cash on hand that Amarin used to purchase substantially all of the 2012 Notes.
	Amarin anticipates that it will use such cash on hand and the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate and working capital purposes.


	Lazard is acting as financial advisor and placement agent in connection with the 2017 Notes offering.


	This announcement is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or
	sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. The 2017 Notes and the ADSs issuable upon exchange of the 2017 Notes will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
	Act), or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.



	About Amarin



	Amarin Corporation plc is a
	biopharmaceutical company focused on the commercialization and development of therapeutics to improve cardiovascular health. Amarins product development program leverages its extensive experience in lipid science and the potential therapeutic
	benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids. Amarins clinical program includes a commitment to an ongoing outcomes study. Vascepa® (icosapent ethyl), Amarins first

	FDA-approved

	product, is a
	highly-pure,

	EPA-only,


	omega-3

	fatty acid product available by prescription. For more information about Vascepa, visit www.vascepa.com. For more information about
	Amarin, visit www.amarincorp.com.



	Forward-Looking Statements



	This press release contains forward-looking statements concerning Amarins expectations, anticipations, intentions, beliefs or strategies regarding the
	offering of 2017 Notes. These forward-looking statements are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described or projected herein
	are the following: financial market conditions and actions by the counterparties to the Purchase Agreements prior to the closing of the offering of 2017 Notes. A further list and description of these risks, uncertainties and other risks associated
	with an investment in Amarin can be found in Amarins filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Quarterly Report on Form

	10-Q.

	Existing and prospective investors
	are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.






	Availability of Other Information about Amarin



	Investors and others should note that Amarin communicates with its investors and the public using its website (www.amarincorp.com), its investor relations
	website (http://www.amarincorp.com/investor-splash.html), including but not limited to investor presentations and investor FAQs, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. The information
	that Amarin posts on these channels and websites could be deemed to be material information. As a result, Amarin encourages investors, the media, and others interested in Amarin to review the information that Amarin posts on these channels,
	including Amarins investor relations website, on a regular basis. This list of channels may be updated from time to time on Amarins investor relations website and may include social media channels. The contents of Amarins website
	or these channels, or any other website that may be accessed from Amarins website or these channels, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act or under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as
	amended.



	Amarin Contact Information:




	Investor
	Relations:



	Gene Mack


	Investor Relations and Corporate
	Communications


	Amarin Corporation plc


	In U.S.: +1 (908)
	719-1315



	investor.relations@amarincorp.com



	Lee M.
	Stern


	Trout Group


	In U.S.: +1 (646) 378-2922



	lstern@troutgroup.com




	Media Inquiries:



	Kristie Kuhl


	Finn Partners


	In U.S.: +1 (212) 583-2791



	Kristie.kuhl@finnpartners.com



	 


	2










 







































Amarin Announces Contractual Reminder of Optional Put to Holders of $15.1 million Principal Amount of Outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due 2032 | P&T Community































Skip to main content






P&T COMMUNITY 



RegisterSign in




 




Search form

Search 





 






Home
News
P&TCurrent issue
Past issues
Masthead
Digital Edition
Subscribe

P&T TV
Authors
About
Contact Us







  










 






 






INGREZZA® (valbenazine) tablets‎
ZURAMPIC® (lesinurad) TabletsPlease click for full Prescribing Information, including Boxed Warning.


 






You are hereHome 

Amarin Announces Contractual Reminder of Optional Put to Holders of $15.1 million Principal Amount of Outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due 2032
BEDMINSTER, N.J. and DUBLIN, Ireland, Dec.  16, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) (the “Company”) announced today that it is providing a contractual reminder to holders of the outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032 (CUSIP Number: 220480 AC1) (the “Notes”) of its wholly owned subsidiary, Corsicanto Designated Activity Co (f/k/a Corsicanto Limited) (the “Issuer”), of which approximately $15.1 million principal amount is outstanding, that they have the right to surrender their Notes for repurchase by the Issuer pursuant to their existing option (the “Optional Put”) under the Indenture governing the Notes, dated as of January 9, 2012. No new option is offered hereunder. The Optional Put entitles each holder of the Notes to require the Issuer to purchase all or any part of such holder’s Notes on January 19, 2017 (the “Repurchase Date”) for cash at a purchase price (the “Repurchase Price”) equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon up to, but excluding, the Repurchase Date. The opportunity for each holder of the Notes to exercise the Optional Put commences today at 4:30 p.m., New York City time, and expires at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on Wednesday, January 18, 2017, which is the business day immediately preceding the Repurchase Date. In order to exercise the Optional Put and receive the Repurchase Price, or withdraw Notes previously surrendered, a holder must follow the procedures set forth in the Optional Put Company Notice, which is being delivered to all registered holders of the Notes. None of the Company, the Issuer or the Company’s board of directors or employees has made or is making any representation or recommendation as to whether or not any holder should surrender any Notes. Additional Information At the Issuer’s request, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, the Trustee, Paying Agent and Exchange Agent for the Notes, is delivering an Optional Put Company Notice to all registered holders of the Notes. In addition, the Company and the Issuer will file the Optional Put Company Notice with a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with the Securities and Exchange Commission today. Copies of the Optional Put Company Notice and additional information relating to the procedure for the surrender of the Notes may be obtained from Wells Fargo Bank, National Association by calling (917) 260-1593. About Amarin Amarin Corporation plc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the commercialization and development of therapeutics to improve cardiovascular health. Amarin's product development program leverages its extensive experience in lipid science and the potential therapeutic benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids. Amarin's clinical program includes a commitment to an ongoing outcomes study. Vascepa® (icosapent ethyl), Amarin's first FDA-approved product, is a highly-pure, EPA-only, omega-3 fatty acid product available by prescription. For more information about Vascepa, visit www.vascepa.com. For more information about Amarin, visit www.amarincorp.com. Availability of Other Information about Amarin Investors and others should note that we communicate with our investors and the public using our company website (www.amarincorp.com), our investor relations website (http://www.amarincorp.com/investor-splash.html), including but not limited to investor presentations and investor FAQs, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. The information that we post on these channels and websites could be deemed to be material information. As a result, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Amarin to review the information that we post on these channels, including our investor relations website, on a regular basis. This list of channels may be updated from time to time on our investor relations website and may include social media channels. The contents of our website or these channels, or any other website that may be accessed from our website or these channels, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934.CONTACT: Amarin contact information

Investor Relations:
Gene Mack
Amarin Corporation plc
In U.S.: +1 (908) 719-1315
investor.relations@amarincorp.com

Lee M. Stern
Trout Group
In U.S.: +1 (646) 378-2922
lstern@troutgroup.com

Media Inquiries:
Kristie Kuhl
Finn Partners
In U.S.: +1 (212) 583-2791
Kristie.kuhl@finnpartners.comFriday, December 16, 2016 - 16:31






 





STAY IN TOUCH!
NEWSLETTERS AVAILABLE:
P&T and drug management daily news
P&T table of contents (monthly)
 







 







 



Contact Us

Editorial: J. Stephen McIver, EditorAdvertising: Maureen Dwyer Liberti, Vice President, Group PublisherProduction: Dawn Flook, Director of Production ServicesCirculation: Jackie Ott, Circulation ManagerWebmaster: Webmaster 


Industry Announcements




 Affimed Presents Data on First-in-Class BCMA-Targeting Immune Cell Engager AFM26 at ASCO Annual Meeting 2017  

 Share buy-back week 22/2017  

 Novartis drug Tasigna receives EU approval for inclusion of Treatment-free Remission (TFR) data in product label  

 Basilea announces presentation of interim phase 1/2a clinical data with anticancer drug candidate BAL101553 at ASCO meeting  

 Targovax presents further positive clinical data from TG01 phase I/II trial at 2017 ASCO annual meeting  

 Addex Annual General Meeting Scheduled for 22 June 2017  

 VALNEVA to Present at Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference in New York   

 Targovax announces formal agenda for 2017 Capital Markets Updates in Oslo and London  

 Lundbeck obtains rights to breakthrough research in Alzheimer’s disease  

 Veloxis Pharmaceuticals A/S Announces Agreement with Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A. to Commercialize Envarsus XR in China  



    More from Globe NewsWire  

 





Current issue of P&T

July 2017 







 




User login


Username *



Password *


Create new account
Request new password


 








    Corsicanto Ii Designated Activity Company | Ireland | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Corsicanto II Designated Activity Company
    IE|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover— Net Assets— Return on Capital Employed (%)— Debt to Capital (%)— DetailsCompany nameCorsicanto II Designated Activity CompanyCompany numberIE595603Legal Entity Identifier6354008Y9SD67YOPLV08
                                                         Source
                                  Company type—Incorporation date22 Dec 2016Type of accounts filing—Latest annual returns
                            22 Jun 2017
                        Next annual returns due
                                22 Jun 2018
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                                            —
                                                    SIC 2003
                                —
                            SIC 2007
                                —
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered Address10 Earlsfort TerraceDublin 2662881IrelandTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    Corsicanto II Designated Activity Company was registered on 22 Dec 2016        with its registered office in Dublin 2.
                The business has a status listed as "Active".                     
                It currently has  3 directors.
    
                        The company's first directors were Conor Dalton, Joseph Thomas Kennedy, Patrick Joseph O'sullivan.                        Corsicanto II Designated Activity Company
                                has no subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleAboutHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionLocationChoose an AddressRegistered address10 Earlsfort TerraceDublin 2662881IrelandAdd trading addressView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×


Amarin Announces Contractual Reminder of Optional Put to Holders of $15.1 million Principal Amount of Outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due 2032 - MarketWatch




















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















press release


					Dec. 16, 2016, 4:32 p.m. EST
				
Amarin Announces Contractual Reminder of Optional Put to Holders of $15.1 million Principal Amount of Outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due 2032
























BEDMINSTER, N.J. and DUBLIN, Ireland, Dec 16, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) --


                                        








Amarin Corporation plc                 

/quotes/zigman/109177/composite AMRN
-3.66%


 (the "Company") announced today that it is providing a contractual reminder to holders of the outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032 (cusip number:220480 AC1) (the "Notes") of its wholly owned subsidiary, Corsicanto Designated Activity Co (f/k/a Corsicanto Limited) (the "Issuer"), of which approximately $15.1 million principal amount is outstanding, that they have the right to surrender their Notes for repurchase by the Issuer pursuant to their existing option (the "Optional Put") under the Indenture governing the Notes, dated as of January 9, 2012. No new option is offered hereunder.        









The Optional Put entitles each holder of the Notes to require the Issuer to purchase all or any part of such holder's Notes on January 19, 2017 (the "Repurchase Date") for cash at a purchase price (the "Repurchase Price") equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon up to, but excluding, the Repurchase Date.


                                        








The opportunity for each holder of the Notes to exercise the Optional Put commences today at 4:30 p.m., New York City time, and expires at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on Wednesday, January 18, 2017, which is the business day immediately preceding the Repurchase Date. In order to exercise the Optional Put and receive the Repurchase Price, or withdraw Notes previously surrendered, a holder must follow the procedures set forth in the Optional Put Company Notice, which is being delivered to all registered holders of the Notes.


                                        








None of the Company, the Issuer or the Company's board of directors or employees has made or is making any representation or recommendation as to whether or not any holder should surrender any Notes.


                                        








Additional Information

                                        








At the Issuer's request, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, the Trustee, Paying Agent and Exchange Agent for the Notes, is delivering an Optional Put Company Notice to all registered holders of the Notes. In addition, the Company and the Issuer will file the Optional Put Company Notice with a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with the Securities and Exchange Commission today. Copies of the Optional Put Company Notice and additional information relating to the procedure for the surrender of the Notes may be obtained from Wells Fargo Bank, National Association by calling (917) 260-1593.


                                        








About Amarin

                                        








Amarin Corporation plc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the commercialization and development of therapeutics to improve cardiovascular health. Amarin's product development program leverages its extensive experience in lipid science and the potential therapeutic benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids. Amarin's clinical program includes a commitment to an ongoing outcomes study. Vascepa(R) (icosapent ethyl), Amarin's first FDA-approved product, is a highly-pure, EPA-only, omega-3 fatty acid product available by prescription. For more information about Vascepa, visit         www.vascepa.com
. For more information about Amarin, visit         www.amarincorp.com
.


                                        








Availability of Other Information about Amarin

                                        








Investors and others should note that we communicate with our investors and the public using our company website (        www.amarincorp.com
), our investor relations website (        http://www.amarincorp.com/investor-splash.html
), including but not limited to investor presentations and investor FAQs, Securities and Exchange Commission filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. The information that we post on these channels and websites could be deemed to be material information. As a result, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in Amarin to review the information that we post on these channels, including our investor relations website, on a regular basis. This list of channels may be updated from time to time on our investor relations website and may include social media channels. The contents of our website or these channels, or any other website that may be accessed from our website or these channels, shall not be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934.


                                        













        
        Amarin contact information
        
        Investor Relations:
        Gene Mack
        Amarin Corporation plc
        In U.S.: +1 (908) 719-1315
        investor.relations@amarincorp.com
        
        Lee M. Stern
        Trout Group
        In U.S.: +1 (646) 378-2922
        lstern@troutgroup.com
        
        Media Inquiries:
        Kristie Kuhl
        Finn Partners
        In U.S.: +1 (212) 583-2791
        Kristie.kuhl@finnpartners.com
        
        






 

















Copyright (C) 2016 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.
                    



/quotes/zigman/109177/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
AMRN




Amarin Corp. PLC ADR


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
3.95



-0.15
-3.66%




Volume: 1.98M
July 27, 2017 4:00p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$1.11 billion
Rev. per Employee$605,791





 









 





































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






3.





Market Snapshot

Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq






4.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






5.





Barron's Buzz

How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




6:25 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:24aRenault profit leaps but shares decline 
6:22aBelgium's inflation rate picks up pace
6:21aGerman consumer prices rise faster than expected
6:16aRussia retaliates to new sanctions by telling U.S. to cut diplomats
6:01aFrench economy expands 0.5% in the second quarter 
6:00a'Big Six' Leave Border Adjustment Out of Tax Principles
6:00aKids are training to be CEOs and spies at these specialized summer camps
6:00aAmericans are so uncomfortable asking for money that we’ve resorted to this instead
5:44aOil pauses ahead of U.S. rig data, but 7% weekly gain in sight 
5:42a5 weird things I found out about corporate America in my first 24 hours 
5:35aUBS, Credit Suisse profits up after strategy shift
5:30aStudent loan companies to feds: Tell states to stop regulating us
5:23aBritish-made Seedlip aims to woo the non-drinking crowd
5:05aSet yourself up to get the most out of retirement
5:04aEuropean stocks sell off as UBS falls, tech worries weigh 
5:04aPrince William and Kate Middleton are hiring— though not for these weird five Royal Family jobs
5:02aRightmove profit rises on ad sales
5:02aBank of Ireland profit falls; to restart dividend
5:01aHow do I get a reverse mortgage?
5:00aU.S. tech stocks shape up for another day of selling after Amazon disappoints
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




































































Amarin Announces Contractual Reminder Of Optional Put To Holders Of $15.1 Million Principal Amount Of Outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due 2032 - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Amarin Announces Contractual Reminder Of Optional Put To Holders Of $15.1 Million Principal Amount Of Outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes Due 2032






GlobeNewswire



Dec 16, 2016 4:31 PM EST













 




























































 BEDMINSTER, N.J. and DUBLIN, Ireland, Dec. 16, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Amarin Corporation plc (NASDAQ:AMRN) (the "Company") announced today that it is providing a contractual reminder to holders of the outstanding 3.50% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2032 (CUSIP Number: 220480 AC1) (the "Notes") of its wholly owned subsidiary, Corsicanto Designated Activity Co (f/k/a Corsicanto Limited) (the "Issuer"), of which approximately $15.1 million principal amount is outstanding, that they have the right to surrender their Notes for repurchase by the Issuer pursuant to their existing option (the "Optional Put") under the Indenture governing the Notes, dated as of January 9, 2012. No new option is offered hereunder. The Optional Put entitles each holder of the Notes to require the Issuer to purchase all or any part of such holder's Notes on January 19, 2017 (the "Repurchase Date") for cash at a purchase price (the "Repurchase Price") equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon up to, but excluding, the Repurchase Date. The opportunity for each holder of the Notes to exercise the Optional Put commences today at 4:30 p.m., New York City time, and expires at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on Wednesday, January 18, 2017, which is the business day immediately preceding the Repurchase Date. In order to exercise the Optional Put and receive the Repurchase Price, or withdraw Notes previously surrendered, a holder must follow the procedures set forth in the Optional Put Company Notice, which is being delivered to all registered holders of the Notes. None of the Company, the Issuer or the Company's board of directors or employees has made or is making any representation or recommendation as to whether or not any holder should surrender any Notes.   Additional Information  At the Issuer's request, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, the Trustee, Paying Agent and Exchange Agent for the Notes, is delivering an Optional Put Company Notice to all registered holders of the Notes. In addition, the Company and the Issuer will file the Optional Put Company Notice with a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with the Securities and Exchange Commission today. Copies of the Optional Put Company Notice and additional information relating to the procedure for the surrender of the Notes may be obtained from Wells Fargo Bank, National Association by calling (917) 260-1593.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Biotech Premarket Movers: Cempra, Novavax, Ionis
Cempra, Novavax and Ionis Pharmaceuticals were among the biotech stock movers in premarket trading on Tuesday.



Armie Margaret Lee

Feb 28, 2017 9:22 AM EST
























Amarin (AMRN) Stock Drops After Pricing Public Offering
Amarin (AMRN) stock was declining after pricing its public offering at a discount.



Annie Palmer

Aug 11, 2016 10:34 AM EDT
























Tetraphase Executive Profits Hours Before Stock Plummets
A Tetraphase insider executed a well-timed insider stock sale right before the company's share price fell on negative clinical trial results.



Adam Feuerstein

Sep 14, 2015 6:27 AM EDT
























5 Stocks Ready for Breakouts -- Must-See Charts
These stock charts look ready to break out and trade higher from current levels.



Roberto Pedone

Jul 10, 2015 9:35 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Amazon's Shock Earnings Show That It's Cashing In on Wall Street's Goodwill


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


These Are Our 3 Biggest Stories on Amazon's Bizarre Earnings Whiff


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












