







Dutchess Holdings Corp. -  Management Team, Executives, Board Members - Equilar Atlas 











 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In
















Dutchess Holdings Corp.

View Full Profile


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view profiles of Dutchess Holdings Corp. management team, executives and board members. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY the most recent Dutchess Holdings Corp. executives and board members.
												FOLLOW changes in Dutchess Holdings Corp. executives' and board members' employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Dutchess Holdings Corp. executives and board members through your network of contacts.
												







Formers (3)








															Stay current on former Dutchess Holdings Corp. executives and board members »
															


 







Thomas D. Sullivan
															
Former Board Member


View Full Profile









Todd W. Harrigan
															
Former Treasurer and Secretary


View Full Profile









David G. Landskowsky
															
Former President and Director


View Full Profile








 



Search

Search for over 80,000 public and private companies, universities and non-profits in the Equilar Atlas real-time database.





/bio



													Example: Dutchess Holdings Corp.
















About Dutchess Holdings Corp.





Type
Public




Ticker
XXXXX













			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993














Dutchess Holdings Corp. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Dutchess Holdings Corp.
List of persons related to the company Dutchess Holdings Corp.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Dutchess Holdings Corp..

CIK Number: 0001567520IRS Number: 611693030Industry: BLANK CHECKS [6770]Trading symbol: Company address: C/O SAMIR MASRI CPA FIRM P.C. 175 GREAT NECK ROAD, SUITE 403 GREAT NECK 11021



People related to Dutchess Holdings Corp.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryCABINETS ACQUISITION CORP.3000 JOHN DEERE RD. TOANOVASCOTT T  CARDONEC/O INTUITIVE VENTURE PARTNERS LLC 122 E. 42ND STREET, STE 1616NEW YORKNYTODD W  HARRIGANC/O INTUITIVE VENTURE PARTNERS LLC 122 E. 42ND STREET, STE 1616NEW YORKNYTIMOTHY J  HERRMANNC/O INTUITIVE VENTURE PARTNERS LLC 122 E. 42ND STREET, STE 1616NEW YORKNYINTUITIVE VENTURE PARTNERS, LLC 122 E. 42ND STREET STE 1616NEW YORKNYDAVID G  LANDSKOWSKYC/O INTUITIVE VENTURE PARTNERS LLC 122 E. 42ND STREET, STE 1616NEW YORKNYNATHAN A  LOWC/O SUNRISE SECURITIES CORP. 600 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 23RD FLOORNEW YORKNYSAMIR NAJI  MASRI175 GREAT NECK RD, SUITE 403 GREAT NECKNYNATHAN LOW 2008 IRREVOCABLE TRUSTC/O SUNRISE SECURITIES CORP. 600 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 23RD FLOORNEW YORKNYNLBDIT 2010 SERVICES, LLCC/O SUNRISE SECURITIES CORP. 600 LEXINGTON AVENUE, 23RD FLOORNEW YORKNYERIC M  RUBENSTEINC/O INTUITIVE VENTURE PARTNERS LLC 122 E. 42ND STREET, STE 1616NEW YORKNYAARON M.  SEGALC/O INTUITIVE VENTURE PARTNERS LLC 122 E. 42ND STREET, STE 1616NEW YORKNYTHOMAS D  SULLIVANC/O CABINETS ACQUISITION CORP. 3000 JOHN DEERE RD.TOANOVA




Dutchess Holdings Corp. on the Web












 








	DUTCHESS HOLDINGS CORP. FILES (8-K) Disclosing Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities, Changes in Control or Registrant, Change in Directors or Principal Officers























 




 















Unified Communications Industry News

















[November 06, 2014]


DUTCHESS HOLDINGS CORP. FILES (8-K) Disclosing Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement, Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities, Changes in Control or Registrant, Change in Directors or Principal Officers

(Edgar Glimpses Via Acquire Media NewsEdge) Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

The information set forth under "Item 5.01 Change In Control of Registrant" of
this Current Report is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference.







Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.

The information set forth under "Item 5.01 Change In Control of Registrant" of
this Current Report is incorporated into this Item 1.01 by reference.

On October 31, 2014, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (as hereinafter
defined), the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of common stock to Intuitive for
gross proceeds of $30,000. The sale of the common stock was not subject to any
underwriting discounts or commissions.

The common stock has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Act"), in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section
4(2) of the Act, and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, based on the fact that the
investor is an "accredited investor," as such term is defined in Rule 501 of
Regulation D. The common stock may not be offered or sold in the United States
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.

Item 5.01 Changes In Control Of Registrant

On October 31, 2014, Dutchess Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), entered into and closed a Securities Purchase Agreement (the
"Purchase Agreement") with Intuitive Venture Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company ("Intuitive"), whereby the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of
the Company's common stock to Intuitive for an aggregate purchase price of
$30,000. The sources of Intuitive' s funds was its working capital.

Simultaneously with the entrance into the Purchase Agreement, the Company
entered into and closed a Repurchase Agreement (the " Repurchase Agreement ")
with its sole stockholder, Cabinets Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation
("CAC"), whereby CAC sold and the Company repurchased 5,000,000 shares of the
Company's common stock for an aggregate purchase of $60,000.

As a result of the foregoing transactions, Intuitive owns 100% of the
outstanding capital stock of the Company. Each of David G. Landskowsky, Todd W.
Harrigan, Eric M. Rubenstein, Timothy J. Herrmann, Aaron M. Segal and Scott T.
Cardone are partners in Intuitive and as such may be deemed to have shared
voting and dispositive power over the 5,000,000 shares of the Company's common
stock beneficially owned by Intuitive. However, each such person disclaims
beneficial ownership over such shares of the Company's common stock.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors;
Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

At the closing of the Purchase Agreement and Repurchase Agreement on October 31,
2014, (the "Closing"), Thomas D. Sullivan, the Company's Chief Executive
Officer, President, and Secretary, resigned from each executive officer position
held effective upon the Closing and resigned as a director of the Company,
effective as of November 11, 2014 (eleven days after the date that the
Information Statement on Schedule 14F-1 (the "Schedule 14F-1") was disseminated
to the sole shareholder of the Company) (the "Effective Date"). At the Closing,
Mr. Landskowsky was appointed President of the Company and Mr. Harrigan was
appointed Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, effective upon the Closing. As
of Closing, Mr. Landskowsky was elected as director of the Company, effective as
of the Effective Date.

Mr. Landskowsky is a co-founder of Intuitive Venture Partners, LLC
("Intuitive"), a private equity/venture investment bank specializing in growth
capital and expansion stage investments in the areas of technology and
healthcare, and has served as a partner since its inception in 2009. Prior to
founding Intuitive, Mr. Landskowsky worked within the Private Equity Group at
Spencer Trask Ventures, an early stage venture capital firm. Mr. Landskowsky
earned a B.S. in Business Administration from the Alfred Lerner College of
Business and Economics at the University of Delaware.

Mr. Harrigan is a co-founder of Intuitive and has served as a partner since its
inception in 2009. With over 18 years of experience, Mr. Harrigan has worked
with private companies to strengthen and grow companies by providing venture,
growth, and mezzanine capital. He has advised over 100 companies in many sectors
including Technology, Data center infrastructure, Enterprise Software, and
Telecom. Mr. Harrigan has significant experience with generating capital, as
well as advising the build-out of management teams and helping form the Board of
Directors for his portfolio companies.

In connection with the change in the majority of the Company's Board of
Directors, on October 31, 2014, the Company filed the Schedule 14F-1 describing
the resignation of Mr. Sullivan and the appointments of Messrs. Landskowsky and
Harrigan, and the information set forth in the Schedule 14f is incorporated
herein by reference.

[ Back To Unified Communications's Homepage ]






 





 

 








 
Customer Service in the Age of the CloudThe ability to provide excellent customer service matters more than ever, given the expectations of consumers today. Take a recent report from Microsoft on the state of customer service, for example ... 

 Cloud Solutions Take the Stress Out of Moving OfficesMoving offices or opening a new location can be a serious challenge.The logistical hurdles can be daunting... 





Gilbane Company BuildingGilbane works on large construction projects that typically last about 1-3 years. As a result, project trailers need to be equipped with a state-of-the-art phone solution but capital cost constraints prohibit purchasing equipment that
will only be used for a few years... 

 Sable Natural ResourcesSable Natural Resources required a more flexible voice solution with advanced capabilities in combination with cost savings... 





Fusion360 & FusionWorksFusion offers a 360 degree view of the communications solutions your company needs to succeed.  Fusion360 provides you with the stability of a traditional PBX phone system and the advanced unified communications features that only a next generation  ... 

MobileConnectFusion offers a 360 degree view of the communications solutions your company needs to succeed ... 




 







 

 













Dutchess Holdings Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:10 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Dutchess Holdings Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Dutchess Holdings Corp. is a blank check company. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in the United States.


,  United StatesFounded in 2012










Key Executives for Dutchess Holdings Corp.




Mr. David G. Landskowsky


      	President and Director
      


Age: 38
        







Mr. Todd W. Harrigan


      	Treasurer and Secretary
      


Age: 47
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Dutchess Holdings Corp. Key Developments

Dutchess Holdings Corp. Files Form 15
Nov 14 16
Dutchess Holdings Corp. has announced that it has filed a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to voluntarily deregister its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Dutchess Holdings Corp., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Powering Today. Protecting Tomorrow. - Covanta
















Skip Links

















Investors


Contact Us

Request a Service 
     





























Welcome to a Sustainable Future    

Covanta works with companies and communities to find sustainable solutions to their waste management challenges. With a global network of Energy-from-Waste and Material Processing Facilities, Covanta is preserving valuable natural resources and generating clean energy for our client communities and the world we live in.At Covanta, we ensure that no waste is ever wasted. 
















Services    

Covanta offers comprehensive waste management and consulting services tailored to your company’s specific needs. Whether you require field and onsite services, assured destruction, recycling and de-packaging solutions, liquid waste management and treatment – just about anything you can think of – we have you covered with customized solutions. We offer a personalized approach, addressing your toughest challenges while minimizing business risks and protecting the environment. 

Learn More



















Sustainability    

We believe that sustainability is achieved through a combination of human, economic and natural factors. We adhere to this vision by continually striving to improve our environmental performance and maintain our position as the world’s leading Energy-from-Waste provider. Our goal is three-fold: advance our technical expertise; keep our facilities on the cutting edge; provide environmentally superior solutions to our customers.

LEARN MORE
























In Your Community    

Covanta has a long history of engaging with the local communities that have given us space to thrive. It’s our way of giving back to the people who have welcomed us into their neighborhoods and lives. Our involvement ranges from widespread environmental outreach to individual facility programs to community initiatives with Covanta volunteers. One thing is clear: we all want to make a difference!

LEARN MORE

















Our Facilities    

With over 50 facilities around the world, Covanta is a leader in sustainable waste and energy solutions.  
Our Energy-from-Waste facilities convert approximately 20 millions tons of waste into enough renewable energy to power one million homes and recycle over 500,000 tons of metal annually! We also operate a number of material processing facilities and transfer stations that support Covanta's core Energy-from-Waste business, while helping customers reach their sustainability goals. 


LEARN MORE
























Customer Support    

Reach out to us, and take the first step toward a more sustainable future. Request a service. Ask a question. Send a comment. We're here to help your company find an environmental solution for its waste and material management needs. 

LEARN MORE














Highlights






Covanta CEO Stephen Jones Talks Growth, Challenges, Opportunities    



Read more








The Journey To Corporate Zero-Waste-To-Landfill    



Read more








Valuable Metals Discarded in America    



Read more

















About Covanta    

We believe that the materials discarded every day should be utilized to their fullest potential to preserve valuable resources and generate clean energy for our client communities and the world we live in.


Covanta is one of the world’s largest providers of Energy-from-Waste (EfW) solutions. We represent the COoperation and adVANTAges inherent in the sustainable waste disposal solutions we provide communities and businesses.


Our mission is to provide sustainable waste and energy solutions to ensure no waste is ever wasted. This is how we are powering today and protecting tomorrow.



Learn more


















Environmental Solutions

Sustainable Materials Management
Field & On-Site Services
Transportation Services
Case Studies & White Papers



Sustainability

 Energy-from-Waste (EfW)
Environmental Overview
Sustainability Report
Independent Research



In Your Community

Our Commitment to Your Community
Community Outreach & Environmental Justice Policy
Community Engagement
Recycling Tips



Our Facilities

Facilities Map
Virtual Tour



About Covanta

Our Business
Investor Relations
Covanta Innovations
Leadership
Safety & Health
Diversity & Inclusion



News
Partners & Suppliers
Careers
Contact
Covanta Games

facebook
twitter
youtube
flickr
linkedin





 





PROD-VER-06052017-0000
Covanta Ltd. © 2017. All Rights Reserved. | Employee-Access












Dutchess Holdings Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dutchess holdings corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Unclassifiable
Industry: Unclassifiable
Sub-Industry: Unknown





Corporate Information
Address:

United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Dutchess Holdings Corp. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Dutchess Holdings Corp.
                    

•   GREAT NECK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Dutchess Holdings Corp. is based out of Great Neck.    WhaleWisdom has at least 5 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Dutchess Holdings Corp.. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Dutchess Holdings Corp., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




dutchess holdings corp.


C/O SAMIR MASRI CPA FIRM P.C.

GREAT NECK
NY
                                                        
                                                    11021


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      516-466-6193
SEC SIC CODE:6770-BLANK CHECKS







Recent SEC Filings




15-12G filed on 11/15/2016
10-Q filed on 08/15/2016
10-K filed on 06/29/2016
10-Q filed on 02/16/2016
10-Q filed on 11/16/2015
10-Q filed on 08/12/2015
10-K filed on 06/29/2015
10-Q filed on 02/17/2015
10-Q filed on 11/14/2014
3 filed on 11/10/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free























Dutchess Holdings Corp. 10-q - Form 10 Q Quarterly Report - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > DUTCHESS HOLDINGS CORP. 10-Q

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Dutchess Holdings Corp. 10-q
Form 10 Q Quarterly Report



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves DUTCHESS HOLDINGS CORP.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: DUTCHESS HOLDINGS CORP. 10-Q Date: 2/17/2015 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










   
 


 


 

 

FORM
10-Q

U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

☒
QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

 

For the
quarterly period ended December 31, 2014

 

OR

 

☐
TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934

 

For the
transition period from ________ to ________

 

Commission
file number 000-54895

 


Dutchess
Holdings Corp.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 




Delaware



 



61-1693030





(State or
other jurisdiction of

incorporation
or organization)



 



(I.R.S.
Employer

Identification
Number)




 

c/o
Intuitive Venture Partners, LLC, 122 E 42nd Street, Suite 1616, New
York, NY, 10168

(Address
of principal executive offices)

 

212-661-8786

(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)

 

Not
applicable

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last
report)

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes ☒
No
☐
.

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes ☒
No
☐

 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated file. See definition of
accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act. (Check one):

 




Large
accelerated filer



☐



Accelerated
filer



☐





Non-accelerated
filer



☐



Smaller
reporting company



☒





(Do not
check if a smaller reporting company)



 



 




 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒
No
☐
.

 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date:
5,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share,
outstanding as of February 13, 2015.

 

 


 


 

 

 




 




  

 




 




 

DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP.

- INDEX
-

 

Table of
Contents

 




 



 



Page





PART I -
FINANCIAL INFORMATION



1





 



Item
1.



Financial
Statements.



1





 



 



Condensed
Balance Sheets



2





 



 



Condensed
Statements Of Operations



3





 



 



Condensed
Statement Of Stockholder’s Deficiency



4





 



 



Condensed
Statements Of Cash Flows



5





 



 



Notes to
Condensed Financial Statements



6





 



Item
2.



Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.



9





 



Item
3.



Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.



12





 



Item
4.



Controls
and Procedures.



12





PART II -
OTHER INFORMATION



14





 



Item
1.



Legal
Proceedings.



14





 



Item
1A.



Risk
Factors.



14





 



Item
2.



Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.



14





 



Item
3.



Defaults
Upon Senior Securities.



14





 



Item
4.



Mine
Safety Disclosures.



14





 



Item
5.



Other
Information.



14





 



Item
6.



Exhibits.



14




 


 

 

 




 




  

 




 





  


PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION

 



Item 1.     Financial
Statements.

 

The
accompanying condensed financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles for
interim financial information and in accordance with the
instructions for Form 10-Q. Accordingly, they do not include all of
the information and footnotes required by generally accepted
accounting principles for complete financial statements.

 

In the
opinion of management, the condensed financial statements contain
all material adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments necessary to present fairly the financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows of the Company for the
interim periods presented.

 

The
results for the three months and nine months ended December 31,
2014 are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations
for the full year. These condensed financial statements and related
footnotes should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and footnotes thereto included in the Company’s
Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June
27, 2014.

 

 

 




- 
1  -




  

 




 




 


DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP.

CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS

 

 




 



 



(Unaudited)

December 31, 2014



 



 



March 31,
2014



 





ASSETS



 



 



 



 



 



 





CURRENT
ASSETS:



 



 



 



 



 



 





Cash



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





Total
Current Assets



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





TOTAL
ASSETS



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





LIABILITIES
AND STOCKHOLDER’S DEFICIENCY



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





CURRENT
LIABILITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Accounts
payable and accrued expenses



 



$



39,072



 



 



$



10,565



 





Total
Current Liabilities



 



 



39,072



 



 



 



10,565



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





STOCKHOLDER’S
DEFICIENCY:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Preferred
stock, $.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none issued
and outstanding



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





Common
stock, $.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000
shares issued and outstanding



 



 



500



 



 



 



500



 





Additional
paid-in capital



 



 



59,773



 



 



 



58,424



 





Accumulated
deficit



 



 



(99,345



)



 



 



(69,489



)





Total
Stockholder’s Deficiency



 



 



(39,072



)



 



 



(10,565



)





TOTAL
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S DEFICIENCY



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 




 

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial
statements.

 

 

 




- 
2  -




  

 




 




 


DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP.

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



For The
Nine Months Ended
December 31, 2014



 



 



For The
Nine Months Ended
December 31, 2013



 



 



For The
Three Months Ended December 31, 2014



 



 



For The
Three Months Ended December 31, 2013



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





REVENUES



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





GENERAL
AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES



 



 



29,856



 



 



 



25,310



 



 



 



17,459



 



 



 



7,182



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





(LOSS)
BEFORE OTHER EXPENSES



 



 



(29,856



)



 



 



(25,310



)



 



 



(17,459



)



 



 



(7,182



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





INTEREST
EXPENSE



 



 



-



 



 



 



264



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





(LOSS)
BEFORE BENEFIT FROM INCOME TAXES



 



 



(29,856



)



 



 



(25,574



)



 



 



(17,459



)



 



 



(7,182



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





BENEFIT
FROM INCOME TAXES



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
(LOSS)



 



$



(29,856



)



 



$



(25,574



)



 



$



(17,459



)



 



$



(7,182



)





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





BASIC AND
DILUTED LOSS PER SHARE



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 





 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





WEIGHTED
AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING – BASIC AND
DILUTED



 



 



5,000,000



 



 



 



5,000,000



 



 



 



5,000,000



 



 



 



5,000,000



 




  

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial
statements.

 

 

 




- 
3  -




  

 




 




 


DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP.

CONDENSED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDER’S DEFICIENCY

FOR THE
NINE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



Preferred



 



 



Common



 



 



Additional
Paid-in



 



 



Accumulated



 



 



Total
Stockholder’s



 





 



 



Shares



 



 



Amount



 



 



Shares



 



 



Amount



 



 



Capital



 



 



Deficit



 



 



Deficiency



 





Balance at
April 1, 2014



 



 



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



 



5,000,000



 



 



$



500



 



 



$



58,424



 



 



$



(69,489



)



 



$



(10,565



)





Contributed
capital



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



31,349



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



31,349



 





Common
Stock Issuance



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



5,000,000



 



 



 



500



 



 



 



29,500



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



30,000



 





Repurchase
of Common Stock



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



(5,000,000



)



 



 



(500



)



 



 



(59,500



)



 



 



-



 



 



 



(60,000



)





Net
loss



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



-



 



 



 



(29,856



)



 



 



(29,856



)





Balance at
December 31, 2014 (Unaudited)



 



 



-



 



 



$



-



 



 



 



5,000,000



 



 



$



500



 



 



$



59,773



 



 



$



(99,345



)



 



$



(39,072



)




  

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial
statements.

 

 

 




- 
4  -




  

 




 




 

  

DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP.

CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(Unaudited)

 




 



 



For The
Nine Months Ended December 31, 2014



 



 



For The
Nine Months Ended December 31, 2013



 





CASH FLOWS
FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 





NET
(LOSS)



 



$



(29,856



)



 



$



(25,574



)





ADJUSTMENT
TO RECONCILE NET LOSS TO NET CASH USED IN OPERATING
ACTIVITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Professional
fees paid by related party on behalf of the company



 



 



-



 



 



 



3,400



 





Decrease
in accounts payable and accrued expenses



 



 



(1,493



)



 



 



(26,199



)





NET CASH
USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES



 



 



(31,349



)



 



 



(48,373



)





CASH FLOWS
FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Borrowings
from note payable - related party



 



 



-



 



 



 



28,502



 





Repayments
of note payable - related party



 



 



-



 



 



 



(28,502



)





Repayments
of loans payable - related party



 



 



-



 



 



 



(3,400



)





Repurchase
of common stock



 



 



(30,000



)



 



 



(20,279



)





Issuance
of common stock



 



 



30,000



 



 



 



60,000



 





Contribution
of capital



 



 



31,349



 



 



 



8,000



 





NET CASH
PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES



 



 



31,349



 



 



 



44,321



 





NET
DECREASE IN CASH



 



 



-



 



 



 



(4,052



)





CASH,
BEGINNING OF PERIOD



 



 



-



 



 



 



4,052



 





CASH, END
OF PERIOD



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





SCHEDULE
OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





Professional
fees paid by related party on behalf of the company



 



$



-



 



 



$



3,400



 





Acquisition
of common stock in exchange for liability



 



$



30,000



 



 



$



-



 




 

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial
statements.

 

 

 




- 
5  -




  

 




 




 

 

 

DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP. 

NOTES TO
CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

Note 1 -
Organization and Business

 

Business
Activity

 

Dutchess
Holdings Corp. (“the Company”) was incorporated in the
state of Delaware on August 29, 2012 with the objective to acquire,
or merge with, an operating business.

 

The
Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such
investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business
seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly traded
corporation. The Company’s principal business objective over
the next twelve months and beyond will be to achieve long-term
growth potential through a combination with a business rather than
immediate short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict its
potential target companies to any specific business, industry or
geographical location. The analysis of business opportunities will
be undertaken by, or under the supervision of, the officers and
directors of the Company.

 

Note 2 -
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

 

Basis of
Presentation

 

The
accompanying interim financial statements of the Company have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted for interim financial statements presentation and in
accordance with the instructions to Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America for complete financial statement presentation. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments for a fair statement of the
results of operations and financial position for the interim
periods presented have been included. All such adjustments are of a
normal recurring nature. The accompanying condensed financial
statements and the information included under the heading
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with the
Company’s audited financial statements and related notes
included in the Company’s Form 10-K as of March 31, 2014.
Interim results are not necessarily indicative of the results for a
full year.

 

Use of
Estimates

 

The
preparation of condensed financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed
balance sheet and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

 

Cash
Equivalents

 

The
Company considers highly liquid financial instruments purchased
with a maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
There are no cash equivalents at the condensed balance sheet
date.

 

Income
Taxes

 

The
Company utilizes the accrual method of accounting for income taxes.
Under the accrual method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
determined based on the differences between the financial reporting
basis and the tax basis of the assets and liabilities and are
measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect,
when the differences are expected to reverse. An allowance against
deferred tax assets is recognized, when it is more likely than not,
that such tax benefits will not be realized.

 

 

 




- 
6  -




  

 




 




 

DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP.

NOTES TO
CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

The
Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of an uncertain
tax position only after considering the probability that a tax
authority would sustain the position in an examination. For tax
positions meeting a “more-likely than-not” threshold,
the amount recognized in the financial statements is the benefit
expected to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority. For
tax positions not meeting the threshold, no financial statement
benefit is recognized. The Company recognizes interest and
penalties, if any, related to uncertain tax positions in income tax
expense. As of December 31, 2014, the Company has no accrued
interest or penalties related to uncertain tax
positions.

 

Loss Per
Common Share

  

Basic
loss per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of
common shares outstanding during each reporting period. Diluted
loss per share includes potentially dilutive securities such as
outstanding options and warrants, using various methods such as the
treasury stock or modified treasury stock method in the
determination of dilutive shares outstanding during each reporting
period. The Company does not have any potentially dilutive
instruments for the periods presented.

  

Emerging
Growth Company

  

The
Company is an “emerging growth company” and has elected
to use the extended transition period for complying with new or
revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act. This election allows the Company to delay the adoption of new
or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to
private companies.

 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

 

In June
2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2014-10 to eliminate certain financial
reporting requirements. In accordance with that pronouncement we
have elected to adopt the elimination of certain financial
reporting requirements including the presentation of
inception-to-date information in the statements of operations, cash
flows, and stockholder’s deficiency and labeling the
financial statements as those of a development stage
entity.

  

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet
effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have a
material effect on the accompanying condensed financial
statements.

 

Note 3 -
Going Concern

 

The
accompanying condensed financial statements have been prepared
assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which
contemplates the recoverability of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business.

 

The
Company has incurred losses from inception of approximately
$99,000, and has negative working capital of approximately $39,000
as of December 31, 2014, which among other factors, raises
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as
a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is dependent upon management’s plan to find a
suitable acquisition or merger candidate, raise additional capital
from the sales of stock, and receive loans from related parties.
The accompanying condensed financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might be required should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern.

 

Note 4 -
Income Taxes

 

As of
December 31, 2014, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards
of approximately $99,000 subject to certain change of control
limits, to reduce future federal and state taxable income through
2034.

  

The
Company currently has no federal or state tax examinations in
progress nor has it had any federal or state examinations since its
inception. All of the Company’s tax years are subject to
federal and state tax examination.

  

 

 




- 
7  -




  

 




 




 


DUTCHESS
HOLDINGS CORP.

NOTES TO
CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

The
benefit from income taxes consists of the following:

 




 



 



 



For the
Nine
Months Ended
December 31, 2014



 



 



For the
Nine
Months Ended
December 31, 2013



 





 



Current
Expense:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



Federal
and State



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 





 



Deferred
tax benefit:



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 





 



Federal
and State



 



 



10,000



 



 



 



8,000



 





 



Valuation
allowance



 



 



(10,000



)



 



 



(8,000



)





 



Total



 



$



-



 



 



$



-



 




 

 

The
income tax benefit differs from the amount computed by applying the
federal statutory income tax rate to the loss before income taxes
due to the following:

  





 



 



 



For the
Nine
Months Ended
December 31, 2014



 



 



For the
Nine
Months Ended
December 31, 2013



 





 



Statutory
federal income tax rate



 



 



(34



)%



 



 



(34



)%





 



Valuation
allowance



 



 



34



%



 



 



34



%





 



Effective
income tax rate



 



 



0



%



 



 



0



%




 

Note 5 -
Common Stock

 

The
Company is authorized to issue one hundred million (100,000,000)
shares of $.0001 par value common stock, of which five million
(5,000,000) shares have been issued.

 

On
October 31, 2014, the Company entered into and closed a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with
Intuitive Venture Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“Intuitive”), whereby the Company sold
5,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock to Intuitive
for an aggregate purchase price of $30,000. Simultaneously with the
entrance into the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into and
closed a Repurchase Agreement (the “Repurchase
Agreement”) with its sole stockholder, Cabinets Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation (“CAC”), whereby CAC sold
and the Company repurchased 5,000,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock, representing the shares sold to Intuitive, for an
aggregate purchase price of $60,000 consisting of (a) cash in an
amount equal to $30,000, and (b) shares of the Company’s
common stock equal to an aggregate value of $30,000 to be issued
upon the completion of a merger, based upon the price of the
Company’s shares of common stock sold or issued at the time
of the merger. The liability of $30,000, for the shares of the
Company’s common stock to be issued upon the completion of a
merger, is included in accounts payable and accrued
expenses.

 

Note 6 -
Preferred Stock

 

The
Company is authorized to issue ten million (10,000,000) shares of
$.0001 par value preferred stock with designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time
by the Board of Directors of the Company.

 

Note 7 -
Related Party Transactions

 

During
the nine months ended December 31, 2014, professional fees totaling
$22,962 were paid by an entity controlled by the same
individual who has sole voting and dispositive control over CAC,
the Company’s former sole stockholder. During the nine
months ended December 31, 2014, professional fees totaling $8,387
were paid by Intuitive, the Company’s current sole
stockholder. These amounts are reported as contributed capital in
additional paid-in capital.

 

 




- 
8  -




  

 




 




 

  


Item 2.     Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.

 

Forward
Looking Statement Notice

 

Certain
statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are
“forward-looking statements” (within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the
plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements
of Dutchess Holdings Corp. (“we”, “us”,
“our” or the “Company”) to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The
forward-looking statements included herein are based on current
expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The
Company’s plans and objectives are based, in part, on
assumptions involving the continued expansion of business.
Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with
respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and
market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are
difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are
beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company believes
its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and,
therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements
included in this Quarterly Report will prove to be accurate. In
light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the
forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such
information should not be regarded as a representation by the
Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the
Company will be achieved.

 

Description
of Business

 

The
Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 29,
2012 (“Inception”) and maintains its principal
executive office at c/o Intuitive Venture Partners, LLC, 122 E.
42 nd
Street,
Suite 1616, New York, NY 10168. Prior to the closing of the
Purchase Agreement (as defined below) and the Repurchase Agreement
(as defined below), the Company maintained its principal executive
office at c/o Cabinets Acquisition Corp., 3000 John Deere Road,
Toano, Virginia 23168. Since inception, the Company has been
engaged in organizational efforts and obtaining initial financing.
The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business
combination through the acquisition of, or merger with, an
operating business. The Company filed a registration statement on
Form 10 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”) on February 8, 2013, and since its
effectiveness, the Company has focused its efforts to identify a
possible business combination.

 

On October
31, 2014, the Company entered into and closed a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Intuitive
Venture Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(“Intuitive”), whereby the Company sold 5,000,000
shares of the Company’s common stock to Intuitive for an
aggregate purchase price of $30,000. Simultaneously with the
entrance into the Purchase Agreement, the Company entered into and
closed a Repurchase Agreement (the “Repurchase
Agreement”) with its sole stockholder, Cabinets Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation (“CAC”), whereby CAC sold
and the Company repurchased 5,000,000 shares, representing the
shares sold to Intuitive, of the Company’s common stock for
an aggregate purchase price of $60,000 consisting of (a) cash in an
amount equal to $30,000, and (b) shares of the Company’s
common stock equal to an aggregate value of $30,000 to be issued
upon the completion of a merger, based upon the price of the
Company’s shares of common stock sold or issued at the time
of the merger.

 

The
Company is currently considered to be a “blank check”
company. The SEC defines those companies as “any development
stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the meaning of
Section 3(a)(51) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the “Exchange Act”), and that has no specific business
plan or purpose, or has indicated that its business plan is to
merge with an unidentified company or companies.” Many states
have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of
securities of “blank check” companies in their
respective jurisdict


 








 












