





Eckert, R. Andrew - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































R. Andrew Eckert
R. ANDREW ECKERT, Chief Executive Officer and Director of SumTotal
Systems, Inc., brings an extensive background in operational and fiscal
management to the helm of SumTotal. Prior to his position as CEO of
Docent, Inc., Mr. Eckert served as Chairman and CEO of ADAC
Laboratories, a publicly traded world leader in nuclear medicine and
radiation therapy planning systems. During his tenure, the company
experienced record financial performance and customer satisfaction as
Eckert streamlined operations and refocused the business on strategic
growth markets. In December 2000, ADAC was acquired by Philips Medical
Systems. Under Mr. Eckert’s leadership, ADAC dramatically grew US
nuclear medicine market share and in 1996 was the first healthcare
company to be honored with the prestigious Malcolm Baldrige National
Quality Award. Prior to joining ADAC, Mr. Eckert worked in the
consulting and finance industries with Goldman Sachs, Summit Partners
and Marakon Associates. Mr. Eckert holds a Bachelor of Science degree in
Industrial Engineering and a Master’s degree in Business Administration
from Stanford University. He is a Board member of CardioNow, a
healthcare IT company, and a Fellow of the College of Nuclear Medicine.
Related Interviews:R.andrew Eckert - Sumtotal Systems Inc (sumt)April 11, 2005R.andrew Eckert - Docent Inc (dcnt)October 22, 2002R. Andrew Eckert - Adac Laboratories Inc (adac)October 05, 2000R. Andrew Eckert -  Adac Laboratories (adac)September 30, 1999







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 


R Andrew Eckert
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




R Andrew EckertChief Executive Officer at AcelityLocationSan Francisco Bay AreaIndustryHospital & Health CareCurrentAcelity, BD, Varian Medical SystemsPreviousValence Health, CRC Health Corporation, TriZetto CorporationEducationStanford University Graduate School of Business500+ connectionsView R Andrew’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View R Andrew’s Full ProfileExperienceChief Executive OfficerAcelityApril 2017  –  Present (4 months)Member Board of DirectorsBDSeptember 2016  –  Present (11 months)Chairman of the Board of DirectorsVarian Medical SystemsFebruary 2014  –  Present (3 years 6 months)Member of Varian Board from 2004CEOValence HealthAugust 2015  –  October 2016 (1 year 3 months)Greater Chicago AreaValence Health was acquired by Evolent Health (NYSE: EVH) for $220M in October 2016Chairman and CEOCRC Health CorporationJanuary 2011  –  February 2015 (4 years 2 months)Acadia acquired CRC for $1.2B in February 2015. CEOTriZetto CorporationMarch 2014  –  November 2014 (9 months)TriZetto was acquired by Cognizant in a $2.7B transaction closed on November 20 2014Managing DirectorSymphony Technology GroupOctober 2009  –  December 2010 (1 year 3 months)CEO and PresidentEclipsys CorporationOctober 2005  –  May 2009 (3 years 8 months)Health IT leaderCEO and PresidentSumTotal SystemsFebruary 2002  –  October 2005 (3 years 9 months)Human Capital Management LeaderCEO and PresidentADAC LaboratoriesJanuary 1990  –  February 2001 (11 years 2 months)Leader in Nuclear Medicine, PET Imaging, Radiation Therapy Planning sw and Health IT.  Sold to Philips Medical Systems for $400M in December 2000SkillsCross-functional Team LeadershipEHREnterprise SoftwareHealthcareHealthcare Information TechnologyLeadershipManagementMergers Process ImprovementStart-upsBusiness StrategyProject PlanningStrategic M&AProduct ManagementMergers & AcquisitionsHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationStanford University Graduate School of BusinessMBAMBA1986  –  1988Stanford UniversityBS, Industrial EngineeringBS, Industrial Engineering1979  –  1983View R Andrew’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact R Andrew directlyView R Andrew’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)Public profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country































 


 


Andrew Eckert | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Andrew EckertLocationGreater Atlanta AreaIndustryTelecommunicationsRecommendations11 people have recommended Andrew500+ connectionsView Andrew’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Andrew’s Full ProfileSkillsProgram ManagementPositioningMarket PenetrationBusiness DevelopmentMarket DevelopmentWirelessProject ManagementIncome StatementAccountabilityWireless NetworkingCRMProduct ManagementStrategic InitiativesGo-to-market StrategyProduct MarketingSee 24+SalesTelecommunicationsStrategic PlanningTeam LeadershipTeam BuildingLeadershipChannelManagementStrategyMobile TechnologyNew Business DevelopmentStrategic PartnershipsSaaSNegotiationCross-functional Team LeadershipStart-upsProduct DevelopmentMobile DevicesBusiness StrategyMVNOMVNEM2MSmart GridAwesomenessSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!View Andrew’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Andrew directlyView Andrew’s Full ProfileNot the Andrew you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanChinese (Simplified)People Also ViewedChris HarveyJohn BarkettManager at AT&TDesmond TellisAdelaide Lawyer and Principal, Desmond R Tellis, Barrister & SolicitorTom BonnerSolutions Architect - Internet of Things at Pinnacle Group, Inc.William SzelazekJames Seagrave--Paul WilcockLydia LidumsManager at Lidums DentalSteven PiggottContract Specialist at Expeditionary Contracting Command - AfghanistanSam DonnarummaPainter and Decorator at S A Donnarumma Painting and DecoratingPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Andrew EckertFirst NameLast NameExample:  Andrew EckertR Andrew EckertChief Executive Officer at AcelityUnited StatesAndrew EckertUnited StatesAndrew EckertSales ConsultantUnited StatesAndrew EckertBiotech Marketing/Communications ConsultantUnited StatesAndrew EckertMergers and Acquisitions Market Analytics Specialist at Robert W. BairdUnited StatesMore professionals named Andrew EckertLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country






















































R. Andrew Eckert | Varian Medical Systems





















Language Select

United States | English
China | Simplified Chinese  (简体中文)
China | Traditional Chinese  (繁體中文)
United Kingdom | English
France | French (Français)
Japan | Japanese (日本語)
Australia | English






Search form









Navigation


OncologyOverviewAboutOncology TrendsOur History & CommitmentOur MissionGovernment AffairsResearch GrantsSolutionsRadiosurgeryRadiotherapyProton TherapyMedical OncologyBrachytherapyProfessional ServicesProductsTreatment DeliverySoftwareCloud-Based AppsReal-time Tracking & Motion ManagementTreatment TechniquesExternal Beam RadiationInternal Radiation Therapy (Brachytherapy)Particle TherapyService & EducationTreatment Delivery ServiceSoftware SupportEducation & TrainingInstallation & ImplementationInteroperabilityEvents & ResourcesCenterlineEventsWebinarsVarian Unite AppFor PatientsProton TherapyProductsProBeam® Proton Therapy SystemProBeam® Compact Single-Room Proton Therapy SolutionProBeam® Multi-Room Proton Therapy SolutionTreatment TechniquesIMPTIGPTSpot ON BlogAbout VarianOverviewVarian TechnologiesLeadership and GovernanceExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCitizenshipMission and ValuesEmployees and Business PartnersEnvironmentGivingCareersLife at VarianUniversity RecruitingBenefitsInvestorsInvestor InformationAnnual ReportsStock InformationPresentationsFinancialsNews & EventsCorporate GovernanceSocial ResponsibilityShareholder ServicesInvestor ContactsNewsroomPress ReleasesImage GalleryMedical ResourcesCareersLife at VarianUniversity RecruitingBenefitsMedical ResourcesInvestorsInvestor InformationAnnual ReportsStock InformationPresentationsFinancialsNews & EventsCorporate GovernanceSocial ResponsibilityShareholder ServicesInvestor ContactsNewsroomPress ReleasesImage GalleryContact Us






English MyVarian



Contact Us
Newsroom
InvestorsMedical ResourcesCareers













 

Oncology


AboutSolutionsProductsTreatment TechniquesService & EducationEvents & ResourcesFor PatientsTreatment Locator






Oncology TrendsOur History & CommitmentOur MissionGovernment AffairsResearch Grants 





RadiosurgeryRadiotherapyProton TherapyMedical OncologyBrachytherapyProfessional Services 





Treatment DeliverySoftwareCloud-Based AppsReal-time Tracking & Motion Management 





External Beam Radiation 
SRSSABR / SBRTIMRTIGRTVMAT 

Internal Radiation Therapy (Brachytherapy) 
HDRLDRIGBTPDR 

Particle Therapy 
IGPTIMPT 







Treatment Delivery Service 
 

Software Support 
 

Education & Training 
 

Installation & Implementation 
 

Interoperability 
IHE StatementDICOM Conformance Statements 







CenterlineEventsWebinarsVarian Unite App 







For Patients

                          Knowledge is strength. Visit Varian's Patient Information web site to learn more about your treatment options, what to expect during treatment, FAQs, and even patient stories. All designed to help you make informed decisions that impact you or your loved ones in the fight against cancer.                        




 

Treatment Locator

                    Looking for hospitals and clinics that use Varian technology? Use our Treatment Locator to find the centers closest to you.                  







Proton Therapy


ProductsTreatment TechniquesSpot ON Blog






ProBeam® Proton Therapy System 
 

ProBeam® Compact Single-Room Proton Therapy Solution 
 

ProBeam® Multi-Room Proton Therapy Solution 
 







IMPT 
 

IGPT 
 









Spot ON Blog

                          The Spot ON Blog is a company blog about proton therapy for the treatment of cancer. Spot ON Blog will deliver information about new technology developments, system deployments, research and insights from clinicians.                        







About Varian


Varian TechnologiesLeadership and GovernanceCitizenshipCareersInvestorsNewsroomMedical Resources








Varian Technologies

                          Focusing Energy on Saving Lives                        





Executives 
 

Board of Directors 
 







Mission and Values 
 

Employees and Business Partners 
 

Environment 
 

Giving 
 







Life at Varian 
 

University Recruiting 
 

Benefits 
 







Investor Information 
 

Annual Reports 
 

Stock Information 
 

Presentations 
 

Financials 
 

News & Events 
 

Corporate Governance 
 

Social Responsibility 
 

Shareholder Services 
 

Investor Contacts 
 







Press Releases 
 

Image Gallery 
 









Medical Resources

                          Engaging with clinicians around the world to exchange clinical information, scientific research and expert opinion.                        





















 Navigation

Navigation























 


Executive Profile  






 









OncologyProton TherapyAbout VarianCareersMedical ResourcesInvestorsNewsroomAbout VarianOverviewVarian TechnologiesLeadership and GovernanceCitizenshipCareersInvestorsNewsroomMedical ResourcesLeadership and GovernanceExecutivesBoard of DirectorsBoard of Directors 



SHARE




 







R. Andrew Eckert 



Chairman of the Board, Varian Medical Systems CEO, CRC Health Corporation 































 















Valence Health | Evolent Health
















Skip to main content






Toggle navigation




































Valence Health Is Now Evolent Health














Leverage the Power of two industry leaders coming together as one
By bringing the Valence Health and Evolent Health businesses together, we have created an innovative market leader in value-based care technology and services. Valence Health has nearly 20 years of operating experience, heavily focused on claims administration for Medicaid plans and pediatric risk populations, and the two organizations' customer profile and product portfolio are largely complementary. Now, by joining Valence’s business with Evolent, the combined company offers a greater depth and breadth of value-based care solutions to a broader spectrum of providers.





















Watch Now







"When we first looked at Valence … it was clear that was something we did not have inside of Evolent, but was going to be critically important for serving our customers across the full solution."
Steve Wigginton, Valence Health CEO















Confidently Move Your Business Forward With Our Full Solution And Clinical and Technical Expertise


























Health Plan Administration and Third Party Administration








With roots stemming from one of the nation’s top provider-sponsored health plans, we partner with health systems to launch, optimize and grow highly differentiated plans that are locally owned and managed. Learn More






Expand content























Pediatric Hospitals








We work with more than 50 percent of existing free-standing pediatric hospitals to help them control their value-based destiny. With Medicaid rates under scrutiny, it is critical for pediatric providers to work together in their markets and we provide the infrastructure to support these collaborations. Learn More






Expand content























Technology and Electronic Medical Record Integration








Our IdentifiSM platform includes proven population health management plus network management, utilization management and core claims administration. Electronic medical record (EMR) integration leverages the host EMR’s data and user interface to complement your value-based business. Learn More






Expand content























Population Health Management








Health systems and physician groups taking on meaningful value-based risk can rely on our proven population health management capabilities. Through a holistic approach that includes the integrated team and tools required for success, we are able to offer a unique commitment to delivering quality and cost results. Learn More






Expand content




















                              blog        




                  Evolent Evolves: Acquiring Valence Health and Our Collective Future                

We officially acquired Valence Health as of October 3, 2016 and look forward to welcoming their employees to the Evolent family. Discover the strategic rationale for this acquisition, what the combined company will look like and how the collective organization will be able to better serve our partners. 



                Access Now
              






























R. Andrew Eckert - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















R. Andrew Eckert
Chairman of the Board at Varian Medical Systems, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you R. Andrew Eckert? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view R. Andrew Eckert's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in R. Andrew Eckert's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in R. Andrew Eckert's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with R. Andrew Eckert through your network of contacts.
												








R. Andrew Eckert's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Varian Medical Systems, Inc.


Board Member, 
Becton Dickinson


Past
To view R. Andrew Eckert's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


R. Andrew Eckert's Biography



Principal occupation, business experience and directorships

.   Chief Executive Officer, Valence Health, a healthcare solutions company (August 2015-October 2016)

.   Chief Executive Officer, TriZetto Corporation, a healthcare IT solutions firm (March 2014-November 2014)

.   Chief Executive Officer, CRC Health Corporation, a provider of substance abuse treatment and adolescent youth services (January 2011-March 2014)

.   Managing Director, Symphony Technology Group, a private equity firm (October 2009-January 2011)

.   President and Chief Executive Officer, Eclipsys Corporation, a former publicly traded healthcare information management  ...
(Read More)

			Principal occupation, business experience and directorships

.   Chief Executive Officer, Valence Health, a healthcare solutions company (August 2015-October 2016)

.   Chief Executive Officer, TriZetto Corporation, a healthcare IT solutions firm (March 2014-November 2014)

.   Chief Executive Officer, CRC Health Corporation, a provider of substance abuse treatment and adolescent youth services (January 2011-March 2014)

.   Managing Director, Symphony Technology Group, a private equity firm (October 2009-January 2011)

.   President and Chief Executive Officer, Eclipsys Corporation, a former publicly traded healthcare information management software provider (October 2005-May 2009)

.   Chief Executive Officer, SumTotal Systems, Inc., an enterprise software provider (2004-2005)

.   Chief Executive Officer, Docent Inc., an enterprise software provider that was acquired by SumTotal Systems (2002-2004)

.   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ADAC Laboratories, a former publicly traded medical imaging company (1997-2001)

.   Other Current Public Company Board Memberships: Becton, Dickinson and Company, a global medical technology company.

 

  Experience, qualifications, attributes or skills supporting directorship

.   Extensive experience obtained over 15 years serving as an executive officer of several public companies, including a medical imaging company and healthcare information management company;

.   Deep knowledge of operational, financial, strategic planning, product development and marketing matters; and

.   Experience serving on the board of directors of several public companies in the healthcare industry.
		
Source: Varian Medical Systems, Inc. on 12/30/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view R. Andrew Eckert's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like R. Andrew Eckert. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in R. Andrew Eckert's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in R. Andrew Eckert's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with R. Andrew Eckert through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: R. Andrew Eckert


















R. Andrew Eckert's Connections (123)





Sign up now to view R. Andrew Eckert's 123 connections »









Richard M. Levy
Former Chairman, Varian Medical Systems, Inc.









Gary M. Cohen
Executive Vice President, Becton Dickinson









Braden R. Kelly
Board Member, Fair Isaac Corporation









Kent J. Thiry
Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, DaVita HealthCare Partners









Leon E. Panetta
Board Member, Oracle Corporation









Bertram L. Scott
Board Member, Becton Dickinson









Alexandre Conroy
Executive Vice President and President, Europe, EMA and the Americas, Becton Dickinson









Matthew W. Foehr
President and Chief Operating Officer, Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated









Dow R. Wilson
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Varian Medical Systems, Inc.









Wayne D. Morgan
Former Senior Vice President Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer, Eclipsys








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















 BD Names R. Andrew Eckert To Board Of Directors



























































 









United States						
						






 
 Login
 






North America





																Canada (FR)
															





																Canada (EN)
															





																Mexico
															


South America





																Argentina
															





																Brazil (EN) - CareFusion
															





																Brazil - BD
															





																Brasil (PT) - CareFusion
															





																Chile
															





																Colombia
															




Europe





																Belgium (FR)
															





																Belgium (NL)
															





																Denmark - BD
															





																Danmark - CareFusion
															





																Finland - BD
															





																Finland - CareFusion
															





																France
															





																Germany - BD
															





																Germany - CareFusion
															





																Hungary (EN)
															





																Hungary (HU)
															





																Ireland - BD
															





																Italy - BD
															





																Italy - CareFusion
															





																Netherlands
															





																Norge
															





																Polska
															





																Russia
															





																Spain - BD
															





																Spain - CareFusion
															





																Sweden - BD
															





																Sweden - CareFusion
															





																Switzerland - BD
															





																Turkey
															





																United Kingdom - CareFusion
															




Middle East / Africa





																South Africa - CareFusion
															


Asia / Pacific





																Australia - BD
															





																Australia - CareFusion
															





																China - BD
															





																China - CareFusion
															





																Hong Kong
															





																India - BD
															





																India - CareFusion
															





																Indonesia
															





																Japan
															





																Korea
															





																Malaysia 
															





																New Zealand - CareFusion
															





																Philippines
															





																Singapore
															





																Taiwan 
															





																Thailand
															





																Vietnam
															





Global Customer Support 

×










×








 BD Names R. Andrew Eckert To Board Of Directors

Jul 28, 2016


FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., JULY 28, 2016 – BD(Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE: BDX), a leading global medical technology company, today announced that R. Andrew “Andy” Eckert has been appointed to the company’s Board of Directors, effective Sept. 26, bringing the total number of directors to 13.
Mr. Eckert, 55, is the CEO of Valence Health, Inc., a health care information technology and services company that provides clinical integration, population health and value-based care solutions to the health care industry. Prior to Valence, Mr. Eckert was CEO of TriZetto Corp. prior to its acquisition by Cognizant Technology Solutions in November 2014. He has held CEO roles with multiple other companies, including CRC Health Group, Inc., Eclipsys Corporation, SumTotal Systems Inc. and ADAC Laboratories, Inc. He also serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
“Andy is a proven leader in the growing field of health care information technology, and we believe he will be a valuable contributor to the BD Board of Directors as we move deeper into the digital health space,” said Vincent A. Forlenza, chairman, CEO and president of BD.


Troy Kirkpatrick
858 617 2361

Email Troy


 Back to News Releases


Do you like this? Share it:










Offerings

Capabilities
Brands
Integrated solutions
Catalogs



Company

Contact us
Careers
Sustainability
Suppliers
News
Investors
Video gallery



Clinical Excellence

Case studies
Conferences and symposia
Webcasts




Support

Technical support
Customer portals
Alerts and notices
Product security and privacy









Contact Sales
Contact Support













												Capability

Please Select
Anesthesia delivery
Biosciences
Cervical cancer screening
Diabetes care
Drug delivery systems
Genomics
Hazardous drug safety
Infection prevention
Infusion
Interventional specialties
Lab automation
Medication and supply management
Microbiology solutions
Molecular diagnostics
Sharps disposal solutions
Software solutions
Specimen collection
Surgical instruments
Syringes and needles




Product Line

Please Select







Please Select
Anesthesia medication administration
Anesthesia needles and syringes
Regional anesthesia trays
BD Accuri™ C6 Plus
BD FACS™ Lyse Wash Assistant
BD FACS™ Sample Prep Assistant (SPA) III
BD FACSAria™ Fusion
BD FACSCalibur™
BD FACSCanto™
BD FACSCanto™ II
BD FACSCelesta™
BD FACSCount™
BD FACSJazz™
BD FACSLyric™
BD FACSMelody™
BD FACSMelody™ cell sorter
BD FACSVerse™
BD FACSVia™
BD FACSymphony™
BD LSRFortessa™
BD LSRFortessa™ X-20
BD™ Medimachine System
Biomarkers
Cervical sample collection
Cytology instruments
Non-gyn cytology
BD FlowSmart technology
Insulin syringes
Pen needles
Sharps containment
Support products for injection
Needle technologies
Pharmaceutical innovations
Pharmaceutical services
Pre-fillable syringe systems
Safety and shielding systems
Self-injection systems
BD CLiC™ system
BD FACSMelody™ cell sorter
BD™ Precise kits
BD PhaSeal™ system
Texium™ system
ChloraShield
ChloraPrep™ Surgical Applicator
ChloraPrep™ Vascular Applicator
StartClean
Surgical Clippers
Surgical Hand Scrubs
Trays, Brushes and Bulk Solutions
Alaris™ System
BD Insyte™ Autoguard™ BC Shielded IV Catheter with Blood Control Technology
BD Nexiva™ Closed IV Catheter System
BD Nexiva™ Diffusics™ Closed IV Catheter System
BD Saf-T-Intima™ Closed IV Catheter System
Alaris Dedicated & Non-dedicated IV Sets
IV extension sets
IV gravity and secondary set
IV pump tubing
Infusion Viewer
Knowledge Portal for Alaris™ Infusion System
MaxPlus™ IV Sets and Accessories
MaxZero™ needleless connector
Needleless connectors
SmartSite™
Denver™ Shunts
Jamshidi™ bone marrow biopsy
PleurX™ Catheter Drainage System
Safe-T™ PLUS Diagnostic and Procedure Trays
Soft tissue Biopsy
Thoracentesis/paracentesis Devices
BD Kiestra™ InoqulA™+ specimen processor
BD Kiestra™ TLA system
BD Kiestra™ WCA system
BD Cato™ medication workflow solutions
Knowledge Portal for Pyxis™ Medication Technologies
Knowledge Portal for Pyxis™ Supply Technologies
Pyxis™ Medication Technologies
Pyxis™ Perioperative Solutions
Pyxis™ Point of Care Verification
Pyxis™ Supply Technologies
Blood culture
Culture media
Environmental systems
Identification and susceptibility testing
Industrial microbiology
Lab equipment and supplies
Mycobacteria testing
Point-of-care testing
Serology testing
Stains and reagents
Swab-based specimen collection
Molecular systems
Molecular tests
BD Recykleen™ sharps collectors and accessories
Diabetes sharps disposal
Sharps and waste collectors
Sharps collection accessories
Knowledge Portal for Alaris™ Infusion System
Knowledge Portal for Pyxis™ Medication Technologies
Knowledge Portal for Pyxis™ Supply Technologies
MedMined™ surveillance
BD Vacutainer® collection accessories
Blood collection
Swab-based specimen collection
Urine collection
Genesis™ Sterilization Containers
IMPRESS™ Instrument Tracking System
Snowden-Pencer™ Laparoscopic Instruments
V. Mueller™ Surgical Instruments
Alternate site
Anesthesia needles and syringes
BD PosiFlush™ Pre-filled Syringes
Conventional needles and syringes
Enteral and Oral syringes
Safety needles and syringes





Contact Support






Please select a Capability in order to start your service request.













   R. Eckert | CRC Health Group Inc | ZoomInfo.com