










ETHERINDEX ETHER TRUST (ETHX) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ETHERINDEX ETHER TRUST (ETHX) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ETHERINDEX ETHER TRUST


Company Address
232 8TH AVENUE (UNIT 4)NEW YORK, NY 10011


Company Phone
212-378-6714


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Gregory DiPrisco


Employees 
 -- 


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (7/15/2016)


Proposed Symbol
ETHX


Exchange
NYSE Arca


Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$1,000,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001679791




Proceeds received by the Trust from the issuance and sale of Baskets will
consist of cash, and in some instances, may consist partially or wholly of
ether. Cash proceeds will be received by the Cash Custodian and transferred to
the Sponsor to purchase ether for the Trust. The Trust will hold the ether
purchased by the Sponsor on the Trust’s behalf, and any ether received by the
Trust from the issuance and sale of Baskets, until (i) ether is sold for cash,
which is distributed to Authorized Participants in connection with the
redemption of Baskets or, (ii) ether is sold for cash to pay the Sponsor’s Fee
or sold as needed to pay the Trust’s expenses not assumed by the Sponsor.


Approximately seven hundred (700) other Digital Assets have been developed since
the inception of bitcoin, currently the most developed Digital Asset because of
the length of time it has been in existence. While ether has enjoyed success in
its limited history, the aggregate value of outstanding ether is much smaller
than that of bitcoin and may be eclipsed by the more rapid development of other
Digital Assets.


Company Description
Ether is a digital asset (“Digital Asset”) similar to bitcoin that is not issued
by any government, bank or central organization. Ether has a value based on the
value token of the blockchain of the peer-to-peer Ethereum computer network (the
“Ethereum Network”) that hosts the decentralized public


 transaction ledger,
known as the “Blockchain,” on which all ether is recorded. Ether can be
transferred among parties via the Internet, without the use of a central
administrator or clearing agency. The Ethereum Network software governs the
creation of ether and secures and verifies ether transactions. The Ethereum
Network software can interpret the Blockchain to determine the exact ether
balance, if any, of any public ether address listed in the Blockchain which has
taken part in a transaction on the Ethereum Network. An ether private key
controls the transfer or “spending” of ether from its associated public ether
address. An ether “wallet” is a collection of private keys and their associated
public ether addresses.

The Ethereum Network is a recent technological innovation, and the ether that is
created, transferred, used and stored by entities and individuals have certain
features associated with several types of assets, most notably commodities and
currencies.

Unlike bitcoin, ether was not designed to function purely as a store of value.
Instead, it was meant to pay for specific actions on the Ethereum Network, with
users receiving it for using their computing power to validate transactions and
for contributing to its development. However, ether’s market is currently
supported by many of the same exchanges and the same infrastructure that has
developed around the Bitcoin Network. Users who have historically purchased
bitcoin and other digital currencies on exchange platforms can now buy ether on
these websites. Ether can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S.
Dollar, or to bitcoin, at rates determined on ether exchanges or in individual
end-user-to-end-user transactions under a barter system.

Both the Ethereum Network and Bitcoin Network run on a blockchain, which is a
distributed database run by nodes or “miners” who are rewarded with the
respective value token (i.e., ether or bitcoin) for securing the network. While
the Bitcoin Network permits users primarily to execute value transfers, the
Ethereum Network allows users to program any arbitrary code and execute it,
including value transfers. Accordingly, the Ethereum Network may be viewed as a
global, decentralized computer in comparison to the Bitcoin Network, which is
more similar to a global, decentralized payment network. The term “smart
contract” refers to any code running on a blockchain that is more complex than a
simple value transfer or supplemental feature of value transfers. Although ether
may be used to perform value transfers or serve as a store of value, ether’s
primary function is as a “fuel” for the Ethereum Network. Each programmatic
operation that can be performed on the network costs “gas” to execute, and “gas”
is payable only in ether.

The Sponsor believes the Trust to be the first exchange-traded product in the
United States that seeks to track the price of ether.

The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust, organized on November 4, 2016, under
the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (“DSTA”) and operates pursuant to the
Declaration of Trust and Trust Agreement dated [ ] between the Sponsor (as
grantor) and the Trustee (the “Trust Agreement”), which sets forth the
respective rights and duties of the Sponsor and the Trustee and authorizes the
Sponsor, on behalf of the Trust, to enter into a custody agreement for the
Trust’s cash (the “Cash Custody Agreement”) with the Cash Custodian and a
custody agreement for the Trust’s ether (the “Ether Custody Agreement” and
collectively with the Cash Custody Agreement, the “Custody Agreements”) with the
Ether Custodian (collectively, with the Cash Custodian, the “Custodians”). The
Custodians serve as custodians to the Trust under the Custody Agreements, which
establish the segregated custody accounts of the Trust that will be used to
control the ether (the “Trust Ether Custody Account”) and to control the cash of
the Trust on behalf of the Trust (the “Trust Cash Custody Account” and
collectively with the Trust Ether Custody Account, the “Trust Custody
Accounts”).

The Trust will issue common units of beneficial interest, or “Shares,” which
represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in the net assets of
the Trust. The Trust’s assets will consist of ether. The Trust will occasionally
hold cash for short periods in connection with the Basket creation and
redemption process, and to pay the Sponsor’s management fee and any Trust
expenses and liabilities not assumed by the Sponsor.

The Trust is not a registered investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended, and is not required to register as an investment
company.

The Shares provide investors with an opportunity to access the ether market
through a traditional brokerage account.

Shares are issued only in one or more blocks of 10,000 Shares called “Baskets”
principally in exchange for cash from certain registered broker-dealers or other
securities market participants (“Authorized Participants”). The Trust will issue
and redeem the Shares in Baskets only to certain Authorized Participants on an
ongoing basis. Baskets will be redeemed by the Trust principally in exchange for
the amount of cash corresponding to their redemption value. Baskets may also be
created or redeemed partially or wholly in exchange for ether at the discretion
of the Sponsor if the Authorized Participant can convey or receive ether 
directly to the Trust. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted
by the Administrator in a creation or redemption transaction will be the same
(i.e., each Basket will consist of 10,000 Shares and the value of the Basket
will be equal to the value of 10,000 Shares at their net asset value per Share
on that day). The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to track
the price of ether, as measured by the price of ether in U.S. dollars as
reported by the Global Digital Asset Exchange (“GDAX”) as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern
time on each day NYSE Arca is open for trading (each a “Business Day”), less the
Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses). 

Individual Shares will not be redeemed by the Trust. Investors may purchase 
Shares through traditional brokerage accounts. Secondary market purchases and 
sales of Shares are subject to customary brokerage commissions and changes.
Investors should review the terms of their brokerage accounts for applicable
charges.

The market price of the Shares may not be identical to the net asset value of
the Shares.
---

The Trustee’s principal office is located at 2711 Centerville Road, Wilmington,
Delaware 19808 . The Sponsor’s address is 232 8th Avenue, Unit 4, New York, NY
10011, and the Sponsor’s telephone number is (212) 378-6714. The Ether
Custodian’s address is 548 Market Street, Suite 23008, San Francisco, California
94104. The principal office of the Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider,
and Cash Custodian is located at 2 Hanson Place, Brooklyn, New York 11217.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
 -- 


Total Assets
 -- 






Total Liabilities
 -- 


Stockholders' Equity
 -- 


View all Company Financials for ETHX


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ETHERINDEX ETHER TRUST
S-1/A
11/28/2016
Filing



ETHERINDEX ETHER TRUST
S-1
7/15/2016
Filing



View all SEC Filings for ETHX




Experts


Auditor
 -- 


Company Counsel
Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
 -- 









News for ETHX










 Subscribe


                More ETHX News & Commentary



                Read ETHX Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6363.18


-19.01
 ▼ 
0.30%





DJIA

21788.84


-7.71
 ▼ 
0.04%





S&P 500

2468.17


-7.25
 ▼ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017 | 11:21AM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            MakeMyTrip Limited to Report Fiscal 2018 First Quarter Financial & Operating Results on August 9, 2
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Consolidated Communications launches CCI All Access App
                        



	                    11:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Republican effort to gut Obamacare crashes in U.S. Senate
                        



	                    10:55AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar declines as GDP data underwhelms
                        



	                    10:52AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












New notes on EtherIndex Ether Trust filing with SEC : ethereumjump to contentmy subredditsedit subscriptionspopular-all-random | AskReddit-news-funny-todayilearned-pics-videos-worldnews-movies-aww-gifs-gaming-Showerthoughts-IAmA-mildlyinteresting-Jokes-science-Music-OldSchoolCool-television-LifeProTips-explainlikeimfive-tifu-books-dataisbeautiful-nottheonion-history-food-Futurology-sports-TwoXChromosomes-Art-personalfinance-photoshopbattles-EarthPorn-Documentaries-WritingPrompts-UpliftingNews-askscience-DIY-space-gadgets-nosleep-GetMotivated-creepy-philosophy-InternetIsBeautiful-listentothis-blog-announcementsmore » ethereumcommentsWant to join? Log in or sign up in seconds.|Englishlimit my search to r/ethereumuse the following search parameters to narrow your results:subreddit:subredditfind submissions in "subreddit"author:usernamefind submissions by "username"site:example.comfind submissions from "example.com"url:textsearch for "text" in urlselftext:textsearch for "text" in self post contentsself:yes (or self:no)include (or exclude) self postsnsfw:yes (or nsfw:no)include (or exclude) results marked as NSFWe.g. subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dogsee the search faq for details.advanced search: by author, subreddit...this post was submitted on  25 Jan 201733 points (92% upvoted)shortlink:  remember mereset passwordloginSubmit a new linkSubmit a new text postethereumsubscribeunsubscribe96,011 readers1,513 users here now
Welcome to r/Ethereum, the front page of the Web 3.

Rules

No inappropriate behavior. This includes, but is not limited to: personal attacks, threats of violence, slurs of any kind, posting people's private information.
Keep price discussion and market talk, memes & exchanges to subreddits such as /r/ethtrader
Keep mining discussion to subreddits such as /r/EtherMining.
No duplicate threads.
No spamming or drive by posting.
No misleading titles.
No creating multiple accounts to get around Reddit rules.
English language only. Please provide accurate translations where appropriate.
Posts and comments must be made from an account at least 10 days old with a minimum of 20 comment karma. Exceptions may be made on a discretionary basis.
Public moderation logs can be found here.
For a complete list of rules and an Ethereum getting started guide, click here.


Resources

Website & Blog
White Paper & Yellow Paper
Devcon 3 (Cancún, 2017)
Documentation & Stack Exchange
Learn Solidity
Source Code on Github
Bounty program
Chat on Gitter
Network Status & Gas Price Market
List of DApps
Meetups
Twitter, Facebook, Google+



created by vbuterinJust some guya community for 3 yearsmessage the moderatorsMODERATORSvbuterinJust some guythehighfiveghostMelonport - George HallamnickjohnsonEthereum - Nick JohnsonheliumcraftEmbark Framework - Iuri Matiasinsomniasexx🐱5chdnFlairavsaEthereum - Alex van de SandeSouptacularOaken Innovations - Hudson Jamesonetherpropellerrzurrerabout moderation team »discussions in r/ethereumX36  · 12 comments PSA: Delphi.networks codebase is a 1:1 copy of Gnosis. Team is unknown. Stay away from ICO860  · 107 comments Bank of America is looking for developers with a background in Ethereum to help build a new Card Account and real-time settlement system.· 2 comments Ethereum Dev Meeting currently underway,tune in!20  · 1 comment Congratulations to the 3 winners of the first Melon Manager Competition!19  · 3 comments Etheroll just released instructions on how to claim dividends during the first reward periodJust Released: Parity 1.7!12 Quantifying Decentralization – news.21.co67  · 7 comments 'First' Ethereum Decompiler Launches With JP Morgan Quorum Integration - CoinDesk4  · 3 comments Introducing EverMarkets -- Trading stock, bond, and commodity futures on the blockchain24  · 4 comments Those who have participated, or are participating, in the First Blood beta, how's it going?This is an archived post. You won't be able to vote or comment.

323334New notes on EtherIndex Ether Trust filing with SEC (self.ethereum)submitted 6 months ago by kevin_hyperinkCame across this NYSE filing with the SEC which had a lot more details than EtherIndex's original SEC S-1. Highlights:

Sponsor: EtherIndex LLC, formed June 2016
Ether Custodian: Coinbase (which maintains insurance against theft and electronic compromise); private keys are generated on an air-gapped computer, then the keys are fragmented using a special unknown algorithm, then separated geographically
Price Index: GDAX (with Kraken as the backup)
Ether Exchange: none is mentioned, but I assume GDAX?
Shares Exchange: NYSE Arca
No insurance

Here's the S-1: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1679791/000121390016015007/fs12016_etherindexether.htm
Here's the NYSE filing with the SEC: https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro/nysearca/2017/34-79792.pdf
I originally published the notes here: http://www.breakingbitcoin.com/notes/etherindex-ether-trust-notes-from-the-s-1-and-nyses-filing/
IANAL and I don't do this for a living. Just curious. If I got anything wrong or missed important details, let me know below.

6 commentssharereportall 6 commentssorted by: top (suggested)bestnewcontroversialoldrandomq&alive (beta)[–]HodlDwon 2 points3 points4 points 6 months ago (1 child)Is for the rumoured Ether ETF?

permalinkembedsavegive gold[–]cqm 0 points1 point2 points 6 months ago (0 children)a second one

permalinkembedsaveparentgive gold[–]mcgravier 1 point2 points3 points 6 months ago (1 child)I'm afraid it's going to die in limbo same as the Winklevoss bitcoin ETF. Seems SEC just don't want cryptocurrency based derivatives on market

permalinkembedsavegive gold[–]housemobile 1 point2 points3 points 6 months ago (0 children)Limbo/no decision = approved

permalinkembedsaveparentgive gold[–]jpritikin 1 point2 points3 points 6 months ago (0 children)Ah, finally I have something I can do with the money in my retirement account.

permalinkembedsavegive gold[–]latetot 0 points1 point2 points 6 months ago (1 child)Does anyone know what people are actually running this?

permalinkembedsavegive goldaboutblogaboutsource codeadvertisecareershelpsite rulesFAQwikireddiquettemod guidelinescontact usapps & toolsReddit for iPhoneReddit for Androidmobile websitebuttons<3reddit goldredditgiftsUse of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. © 2017 reddit inc. All rights reserved.REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.π Rendered by PID 86499 on  app-255  at 2017-07-28 15:21:30.075218+00:00 running e70402b country code: US.Will Ether Value Soar After Ethereum Hard Fork and ETH BTF Launch? — Steemit ×Sign UpLoginSubmit a StoryQuick Start GuideFAQTrending TopicsBuy SteemInternal MarketStolen Accounts RecoveryChange Account PasswordVote for WitnessesSteemit Chat Steemit App Center Steemit API Docs Steem Whitepaper About Steem Privacy PolicyTerms of Servicesteemitbeta|crypto-newsSign UpLoginSubmit a Storypencil2newhottrendingpromotedWill Ether Value Soar After Ethereum Hard Fork and ETH BTF Launch?last yearelargroup4 in crypto-news

 Ahead of the Ethereum hard fork (that happens July 20-21 depending on time zone) a new company has filed to launch an Ether ETF.
The Ethereum hard fork will likely restore investors’ interest in the network down to the pre-The DAO days and make Ether regain its plummeted value ever since, 
 EtherIndex LLC, a Delaware limited liability company formed June 15, on Friday filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to launch a Trust that would be the first exchange-traded product (“ETP”) in the United States that seeks to track the price of Ether - the cryptocurrency that powers the Ethereum network. 
 The EtherIndex Ether Trust, which is coming just as the SEC is opening a proposal for a Bitcoin ETF by the Winklevoss Twins of Gemini for public comment, followed by a similar filing last Tuesday by SolidX, will issue EtherIndex Ether shares which represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust. The shares will provide investors with an opportunity to access the Ether market through a traditional brokerage account. 
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for the shares.
The ETF is likely to increase the value of Ether as a digital commodity that’s based on the value token of the blockchain of the peer-to-peer Ethereum network if and when approved as it will provide shareholders with exposure to the daily change in the U.S. dollar price of Ether as measured by the EtherIndex and also ensure the issuance of additional shares on a continuous basis though it clearly states that the shares are speculative and investing in them involves a high degree of risk. It says Ether will be valued each business day using the EtherIndex Price.
 Red flags
However with several areas yet uncovered about EtherIndex’s filing, getting the best out of the plan is dicey. Aside its being about a month old company, its filing is incomplete as it didn’t name the Trust’s listing exchange, ticker, trustee or administrator. This is a red flag for its approval. 
 Also, there are several risk factors identified in the filing. They include that the Ethereum Network and the Ethereum Network software are in their early stages, the uncertainty in the limit on the supply of Ether, little or no use of Ether in the retail and commercial marketplace currently in comparison to relatively extensive use by speculators and miners thus contributing to price volatility, and the Sponsor and its management’s lack of experience and history of operating an investment vehicle like the Trust which may be inadequate or unsuitable to manage it properly. 
 Others are lack of assurance that an active trading market will develop or be maintained for the shares, shareholders having limited rights of legal recourse against the Trust, Trustee, Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider and Custodian and the Trust’s lack of insurance protection which exposes the Trust and the holders of the shares to the risk of loss of the Trust’s Ether for which no person is liable. 
sourse crypto-news last year by elargroup4$0.12Past Payouts $0.12 - Author: $0.11 - Curators: $0.0120 votes+ crypt0+ joelinux+ stephencurry+ domavila+ honeythief+ on0tole+ zebbra2014+ sergei+ alex-dinu+ mixa+ fleetinuance+ losos+ nastrom+ nugget+ elargroup+ funkyit+ munxgauzen+ belovruslan+ vkoreshkoff+ seagulReply  11      Authors get paid when people like you upvote their post. Join our amazing community to comment and reward others.Sign up now to receive FREE STEEM!Sort Order:  trending[-]good-karma73  ·  last yearDon't forget original source: https://cointelegraph.com/news/will-ether-value-soar-after-ethereum-hard-fork-and-eth-btf-launch$0.002 votes+ leksimus+ elargroupReply  ·[-]elargroup4  ·  last yearYes of course. Thank you.$0.001 vote+ zebbra2014Reply  
Will Ether Value Soar After — Steemit ×Sign UpLoginSubmit a StoryQuick Start GuideFAQTrending TopicsBuy SteemInternal MarketStolen Accounts RecoveryChange Account PasswordVote for WitnessesSteemit Chat Steemit App Center Steemit API Docs Steem Whitepaper About Steem Privacy PolicyTerms of Servicesteemitbeta|whatSign UpLoginSubmit a Storypencil2newhottrendingpromotedWill Ether Value Soar Afterlast yearautosmile1352 in whatETH BTF Launch?

Ahead of the Ethereum hard fork (that happens July 20-21 depending on time zone) a new company has filed to launch an Ether ETF.
The Ethereum hard fork will likely restore investors’ interest in the network down to the pre-The DAO days and make Ether regain its plummeted value ever since,
EtherIndex LLC, a Delaware limited liability company formed June 15, on Friday filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to launch a Trust that would be the first exchange-traded product (“ETP”) in the United States that seeks to track the price of Ether - the cryptocurrency that powers the Ethereum network.
The EtherIndex Ether Trust, which is coming just as the SEC is opening a proposal for a Bitcoin ETF by the Winklevoss Twins of Gemini for public comment, followed by a similar filing last Tuesday by SolidX, will issue EtherIndex Ether shares which represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust. The shares will provide investors with an opportunity to access the Ether market through a traditional brokerage account.
Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for the shares.
The ETF is likely to increase the value of Ether as a digital commodity that’s based on the value token of the blockchain of the peer-to-peer Ethereum network if and when approved as it will provide shareholders with exposure to the daily change in the U.S. dollar price of Ether as measured by the EtherIndex and also ensure the issuance of additional shares on a continuous basis though it clearly states that the shares are speculative and investing in them involves a high degree of risk. It says Ether will be valued each business day using the EtherIndex Price.
Red flags
However with several areas yet uncovered about EtherIndex’s filing, getting the best out of the plan is dicey. Aside its being about a month old company, its filing is incomplete as it didn’t name the Trust’s listing exchange, ticker, trustee or administrator. This is a red flag for its approval.
Also, there are several risk factors identified in the filing. They include that the Ethereum Network and the Ethereum Network software are in their early stages, the uncertainty in the limit on the supply of Ether, little or no use of Ether in the retail and commercial marketplace currently in comparison to relatively extensive use by speculators and miners thus contributing to price volatility, and the Sponsor and its management’s lack of experience and history of operating an investment vehicle like the Trust which may be inadequate or unsuitable to manage it properly.
Others are lack of assurance that an active trading market will develop or be maintained for the shares, shareholders having limited rights of legal recourse against the Trust, Trustee, Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider and Custodian and the Trust’s lack of insurance protection which exposes the Trust and the holders of the shares to the risk of loss of the Trust’s Ether for which no person is liable. what  is  ethereum  bitcoins  cryptocurrency last year by autosmile1352$0.009 votes+ nate-atkins- cheetah- cheetah00- cheetah01+ seagul- cheetah03- cheetah04- cheetah05- cheetah02Reply  1      Authors get paid when people like you upvote their post. Join our amazing community to comment and reward others.Sign up now to receive FREE STEEM!Sort Order:  trending[-]cheetah70  ·  last yearI have downvoted you as you are on my banlist (likely as a known bot/plagiarist/spammer).
I am a robot, to help support the stop of spam, help flag bad posts!
If you think this is a mistake, please come to the steemitabuse channel in slack.$0.08Past Payouts $0.08 - Author: $0.08 - Curators: $0.004 votes+ marcelhattingh+ by24seven+ cheetah+ cheetah00Reply  




SEC Considers Ether-Based ETF Proposal, Orders Review Of Prior Bitcoin ETF Ruling - ETHNews.com























































































Home



News

All News
Application
Business And Finance
Cryptocurrencies And Tokens
Dapps
Ecosystem
Healthcare
Interviews
Law And Legislation
Lifestyle
Opinion
Technology
Wallets And Exchanges
World


Ether Price Analysis


Etherlive


Resources
The Basics
What is Ethereum
Blockchain
Smart Contracts
Dapps
Ether
Mining
Exchanges
Wallets
Glossary


Events


Submit

Press Release
Distributed App
Story/Idea


Contact Us













News
business and finance



SEC Considers Ether-Based ETF Proposal, Orders Review Of Prior Bitcoin ETF Ruling
The Securities and Exchange Commission is examining cases that may allow cryptocurrency-based exchange-traded funds.










                     By
                                          
Jeremy Nation 


                      	April 26th 2017
                      

ETHNews.com
































The Securities and Exchange Commission is currently mulling over a decision to greenlight EtherIndex Ether Trust's exchange-traded fund.
SEC acceptance of an ETF based in Ether would signal a victory for players in the industry seeking acknowledgement from central banking corporations and legislative bodies, both of which have a strong influence over the policies and regulation of the virtual currency ecosystem.
On Friday, the SEC released a statement indicating that the commission had published proposed rule changes that would allow such a listing for comment in February, but had received none. The statement went on to delineate Ether from bitcoins:

"The Exchange represents that unlike bitcoin, ether was not designed to function purely as a store of value. Instead, ether was meant to pay for specific actions on the Ethereum Network. However, according to the Exchange, ether’s market is currently supported by many of the same online exchanges and the same infrastructure that has developed around the bitcoin network."

Currently under a separate review is a proposal that the SEC previously rejected in March, as reported by ETHNews. Gemini Exchange founders Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss sought approval to trade bitcoin as a security on the BATZ BZX Exchange Inc and filed for a review of the rejection following the SEC ruling. On Monday, the SEC opened the forum for statements for or against or the action until May 15.
The decisions will either herald overarching policy changes in the United States as virtual currencies are widely adapted to suit many purposes, or will force those pushing approval to go back to the drawing board.





Jeremy Nation



               Jeremy Nation is a writer living in Los Angeles with interests in technology, human rights, and cuisine. He is a full time staff writer for ETHNews and holds value in Ether. 
            



            ETHNews is commited to its Editorial Policy




            Like what you read? Follow us on Twitter @ETHNews_ to receive the latest on  SEC,  ETF or other Ethereum business and finance news.
         




SEC
ETF
EtherIndex
trading
virtual currency
BTC
Ether
Securities and Exchange Commission
exchange





Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.


















					News
				



SEC Report Raises More Questions Than It Answers


July 28th 2017


Matthew De Silva









									Recent News
						









Chinese Bank Uses Blockchain to Deploy Letters Of Credit


July 27th 2017












Renault Shifts Vehicle Maintenance Book To Blockchain


July 25th 2017












Federal Reserve Task Force Proposes Faster Payments System By 2020


July 24th 2017












EU Invests In Blockchain Startup Billon


July 21st 2017












Enterprise Ethereum Alliance Joined By Mastercard, Cisco, Et Al.


July 18th 2017



 
 








	   

Subscribe to our Newsletter
* indicates required





Email Address *



First Name 



Last Name 



Country 






News Categories of Interest 

Industry
Wallets & Exchanges
Legal Spotlight
dApps
Lifestyle & Opinion
Daily Ether Price Analysis









    
				 





























Etherindex LLC Files SEC Prospectus for First Ether-Based ETF - ETHNews.com























































































Home



News

All News
Application
Business And Finance
Cryptocurrencies And Tokens
Dapps
Ecosystem
Healthcare
Interviews
Law And Legislation
Lifestyle
Opinion
Technology
Wallets And Exchanges
World


Ether Price Analysis


Etherlive


Resources
The Basics
What is Ethereum
Blockchain
Smart Contracts
Dapps
Ether
Mining
Exchanges
Wallets
Glossary


Events


Submit

Press Release
Distributed App
Story/Idea


Contact Us













law and legislation



Etherindex LLC Files SEC Prospectus for First Ether-Based ETF
EtherIndex LLC filed a Registration Statement and Prospectus with the SEC to offer an exchange traded fund based solely on the price of Ether. Actions like this continue to cement Ether’s standing in the Virtual Currency Community.










                     By
                                          
Jeffrey Berns 


                      	July 20th 2016
                      

ETHNews.com
































EtherIndex LLC filed paperwork with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) seeking registration under the Securities Act of 1933 for an exchange traded fund (ETF) based on Ether, the crypto-currency used in the Ethereum network. This filing is a sign of the growing confidence and support for Ether and the Ethereum network. If it is approved for trading, this ETF will broaden Ethereum’s exposure to investors globally and potentially legitimize the crypto-currency as a worthy asset class that allows for additional portfolio diversification.  This ETF filing is the third for a crypto-currency with the SEC. Gemini and SolidX each filed for a bitcoin ETF earlier this year.
An ETF is a marketable security that tracks an index, a commodity, bonds, or a basket of assets like an index fund. Unlike mutual funds, an ETF trades like a common stock on a stock exchange. ETFs experience price changes throughout the day as they are bought and sold. ETFs typically have higher daily liquidity and lower fees than mutual fund shares, making them an attractive alternative for individual investors. It is important to note that when investing with an ETF the investor does not own any of the underlying assets rather the investor owns shares of the ETF. The shares in the ETF represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in the net assets of the Trust.
This ETF, if approved, will allow individual investors to invest in the performance of Ether without having to go through the administrative steps necessary to purchase and own Ether directly.  According to the Prospectus, the ETF’s purpose is to “provid[e] shareholders with exposure to the daily change in the U.S. dollar price of Ether, before expenses and liabilities of the Trust and as a result the value of the shares is directly related to the value of Ether held by the Trust… The Trust is authorized solely to take immediate delivery of actual ether and is designed for investors seeking a cost-effective and convenient means of gaining investment exposure to Ether similar to a direct investment in Ether.”
The approval of any virtual currency-based ETF is far from assured, as the SEC has not formally asserted regulatory authority over crypto-currencies. However, the SEC has indicated a willingness to pursue action against persons or entities who misuse bitcoin in connection with fraudulent schemes, inaccurate and inadequate publicly disseminated information, and the offering of unregistered securities.
This filing with the SEC is further evidence of the continued legitimization of virtual currencies. Moreover, the fact that the sponsors of this ETF have chosen Ether as an investment vehicle even after the recent DAO issues demonstrates their view that Ether and the Ethereum network have long-term staying power, and are poised for continued growth.





Jeffrey Berns



               Jeffrey K. Berns is the Managing Partner and head of the Los Angeles office for Berns Weiss Inc. Over the course of his 25-year legal career, he has tenaciously fought for the rights of consumers, concentrating his practice on consumer lending and consumer fraud class actions. Among his other accomplishments, he led a group of 20 law firms that prosecuted cutting-edge class action cases against financial institutions, such as Countrywide, Wells Fargo, and JPMorgan Chase, concerning destructive negative amortization loans that unknowingly caused borrowers to assume tens of thousands of dollars of additional debt. These efforts led to settlements comprising hundreds of millions of dollars in cash payments and substantial loan modification relief.

Visit www.law111.com for more info.
            



            ETHNews is commited to its Editorial Policy




            Like what you read? Follow us on Twitter @ETHNews_ to receive the latest on  EtherIndex,  ETF or other Ethereum law and legislation news.
         




EtherIndex
ETF
Exchanges
law
cryptocurrency
Ether





Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.


















					News
				



SEC Report Raises More Questions Than It Answers


July 28th 2017


Matthew De Silva









									Related Articles
						









SEC Report Raises More Questions Than It Answers


July 28th 2017












FinCEN Fines BTC-e For Violating U.S. Anti-Money Laundering Laws


July 27th 2017












US SEC Finds That The DAO Tokens Qualify As Securities


July 25th 2017












Garza Pleads Guilty To Wire Fraud In GAW, ZenMiner Ponzi Scheme


July 21st 2017












ULC Approves Proposal For The Regulation Of Virtual Currency Businesses


July 20th 2017



 
 








	   

Subscribe to our Newsletter
* indicates required





Email Address *



First Name 



Last Name 



Country 






News Categories of Interest 

Industry
Wallets & Exchanges
Legal Spotlight
dApps
Lifestyle & Opinion
Daily Ether Price Analysis









    
				 




























 ETHERINDEX ETHER TRUST (Form: S-1, Received: 07/15/2016 12:33:02) 












	As
	filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 15, 2016




	Registration
	No. 333-      





	 






	 







	UNITED
	STATES




	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION





	WASHINGTON,
	D.C. 20549






	 






	FORM
	S-1






	REGISTRATION
	STATEMENT






	 






	UNDER
	THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933






	 






	ETHERINDEX
	ETHER TRUST





	(Exact
	name of Registrant as specified in its charter)





	 








	Delaware





	 





	6221





	 





	[                             ]








	(State
	or other jurisdiction of




	incorporation
	or organization)





	 





	(Primary
	Standard Industrial




	Classification
	Code Number)





	 





	(I.R.S.
	Employer




	Identification
	No.)











	 





	232
	8

	th

	Avenue, Unit 4




	New
	York, NY 10011





	(212)
	378-6714





	(Address,
	including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive offices)





	 





	The
	Corporation Trust Company




	1209
	Orange Street




	Wilmington
	(New Castle County), DE 19801




	+1
	(302) 658-7581




	(Name,
	address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)




	 








	Copies
	to:









	Joseph
	Quintilian




	EtherIndex
	LLC




	232
	8

	th

	Avenue, Unit 4




	New
	York, NY 10011





	 





	Brian
	S. North, Esq.




	Buchanan
	Ingersoll & Rooney PC




	1290
	Avenue of the Americas, 30

	th

	Floor




	New
	York, NY 10104-3001









	 





	Approximate
	date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after this registration statement becomes effective.





	 





	If
	any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
	the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box.

	þ






	 





	If
	this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933,
	check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
	for the same offering. ☐





	 





	If
	this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box
	and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
	☐





	 





	If
	this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box
	and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
	☐





	 





	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
	reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller
	reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):





	 







	Large
	accelerated filer




	☐




	Accelerated
	filer	 




	☐







	Non-accelerated
	filer








	þ





	Smaller
	reporting company	




	☐






	(Do
	not check if a smaller reporting company)




	 




	 







	 












	 






	 












	 





	 






	 










	Calculation
	of Registration Fee






	 









	Title of
	each class of securities to be registered




	 




	Amount to
	be registered




	 





	Proposed
	maximum


	offering






	price


	per Share (1)






	 




	 




	Proposed
	maximum aggregate offering price (1)




	 




	 




	Amount
	of registration fee




	 






	Ether Index Ether Shares






	[●




	]




	$




	[●




	]




	 




	$




	1,000,000




	 




	 




	 $




	100.70




	 







	 






	(1)




	Estimated
	solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(d) under
	the Securities Act of 1933







	 






	The
	Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until
	the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become
	effective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective
	on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said section 8(a), may determine.






	 










	 











	 



	 








	 

	 



	The information in this preliminary
	prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the
	Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are
	not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.





	 





	SUBJECT TO COMPLETION


	JULY 15, 2016



	 





	[
	         ],000 ETHERINDEX ETHER SHARES




	 




	ETHERINDEX
	ETHER TRUST






	  





	The
	EtherIndex Ether Trust (the “Trust”) will issue EtherIndex Ether Shares (the “Shares”), which represent
	units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust. The Trust’s purpose is to provide shareholders
	with exposure to the daily change in the U.S. dollar price of ether, before expenses and liabilities of the Trust, as measured
	by the EtherIndex. Ether is a digital commodity (“Digital Asset”) based on the value token of the blockchain of the
	peer-to-peer Ethereum computer network (the “Ethereum Network”).




	 




	EtherIndex
	LLC is the sponsor of the Trust (the “Sponsor”), [

	●

	] is the trustee of the Trust (the “Trustee”),
	[●] is both the administrator (the “Administrator”) and trust agency service provider (the “Trust Agency
	Service Provider”) of the Trust, and [●] is the custodian of the Trust (the “Custodian”). The Trust intends
	to issue additional Shares on a continuous basis.




	 




	The
	Trust is not actively managed.




	 




	The
	Shares will be issued and redeemed by the Trust only in one or more whole blocks of [●] Shares (each block of [●] Shares
	is a “Basket”) only to and from certain registered broker-dealers or other securities market particpant (“Authorized
	Participants”) on an ongoing basis as described in the “Plan of Distribution” section of this Prospectus. On
	creation, Baskets will be distributed to the Authorized Participants by the Trust in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of
	the appropriate number of ether (i.e., ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being purchased). On redemption, the Trust
	will distribute ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being redeemed to the redeeming Authorized Participant in exchange
	for the delivery to the Trust of one or more Baskets. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted by the Administrator
	in a creation or redemption transaction will be the same (i.e., each Basket will consist of [●] Shares and the value of the
	Basket will be equal to the value of [●] Shares at their net asset value per Share on that day).




	 




	Prior
	to this offering, there has been no public market for the Shares. The Shares will be listed and trade on [EXCHANGE]. (“[●]”)
	under the symbol “[TICKER].”




	 





	THE
	SHARES ARE SPECULATIVE SECURITIES AND INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. See “Risk Factors” starting on page




	9. YOU SHOULD CONSIDER ALL RISK FACTORS BEFORE INVESTING IN THE TRUST.






	 






	Neither
	the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or the “Commission”) nor any state securities commission
	has approved or disapproved of the securities offered in this Prospectus, or determined if this Prospectus is truthful or complete.
	Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.






	 






	 







	 




	The
	Shares are neither interests in nor obligations of the Sponsor or the Trustee or any of their affiliates. The Shares are not insured
	or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency. The Trust is not an investment company
	registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Trust is not a commodity pool for purposes of the Commodity
	Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, and the Sponsor is not subject to regulation as by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
	as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading adviser.




	 




	The
	Trust will issue and redeem Shares from time to time, as described in “Creation and Redemption of Shares.” The Shares
	issued will be purchased by Authorized Participants and then be distributed to the public by Authorized Participants through sale
	on [EXCHANGE]. It is expected that the Shares will be sold to the public at varying prices to be determined by reference to, among
	other considerations, the price of ether represented by each Share and the trading price of the Shares on [EXCHANGE] at the time
	of each sale.




	 




	On
	[●], an initial purchaser, subject to certain conditions, deposited ether for the purchase of [

	●

	] initial
	Basket(s) totalling [

	●

	] Shares (the “Seed Baskets’). Delivery of the Seed Baskets will be made on or
	about the date of this Prospectus, upon the effectivenss of this registration statement.. It is expected that the Initial Purchaser
	will distribute these Shares to the public through sale on [●]. The Trust will receive all proceeds from the offering of
	the Seed Baskets in set amounts of ether in an amount equal to the full price for the Seed Baskets. Each Share in the Seed Baskets
	represents one ether, and each Seed Basket consists of [●] Shares worth [●] ether.




	 




	Neither
	the Initial Purchaser nor the Authorized Participants will receive a selling commission from the Trust in consideration of their
	distribution of the Shares to the public through sale on [EXCHANGE]. Purchasers of the Shares may be subject to customary brokerage
	charges. Investors should review the terms of their brokerage accounts for details on applicable charges.



	 




	 


	 


	Per Share (1)


	 


	 


	Per Basket


	 




	Public offering price for the Seed Baskets


	 


	$


	[   


	]


	 


	$


	[   


	]





	 






	(1)




	The initial Baskets were created at a per Share price
	equal to the EtherIndex Price of [    ] ether on the date of formation of the Trust






	 





	The
	date of this Prospectus is [    ], 2016.






	 



	 





	 









	TABLE
	OF CONTENTS




	 






	 




	Page







	Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements





	ii







	Prospectus Summary





	1







	The Offering




	6






	Risk Factors





	9







	Use of Proceeds





	23







	Overview of The Ether Industry and Market





	24







	Business of the Trust





	29







	Description of the Trust





	32







	The Sponsor





	33







	The Trustee





	34







	The Administrator





	35







	The Trust Agency Service Provider





	35







	The Custodian





	36







	Authorized Participants





	36







	Description of the Shares





	36







	Custody of the Trust’s Ether





	37







	Creation and Redemption of Shares





	38







	Valuation of Ether and Definition of NAV





	41







	Expenses; Sales of Ether





	42







	Book-Entry-Only Shares





	43







	Books and Records; Statements, Filings and Reports





	44







	Description of the Trust Documents





	45







	Description of the Trust Servicing Agreement





	50







	Description of the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement





	53







	Description of the Trust Custody Agreement





	55







	United States Federal Income Tax Consequences





	58







	Erisa and Related Considerations





	61







	Plan of Distribution





	62







	Legal Matters





	62







	Experts





	63







	Where You Can Find More Information





	63







	Glossary of Defined Terms





	63







	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm





	F-1







	Statement of Financial Condition





	F-2







	Signatures





	II-4





	 



	This
	Prospectus contains information investors should consider when making an investment decision about the Shares. Investors may rely
	on the information contained in this Prospectus. The Trust and the Sponsor have not authorized any person to provide you with
	different information and, if anyone provides an investor with different or inconsistent information, that investor should not
	rely on it. This Prospectus is not an offer to sell the Shares in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale of the Shares is not
	permitted.




	 




	The
	Shares are not registered for public sale in any jurisdiction other than the United States.



	 






	 






	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 








	STATEMENT
	REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS




	 




	This
	Prospectus contains “forward-looking statements” with respect to future events or future performance. In some cases
	statements preceded by, followed by or that include words such as “may,” “should,” “expect,”
	“plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,” “potential”
	or similar expressions are intended to identify some of the forward-looking statements. All statements (other than statements
	of historical fact) included in this Prospectus that address activities, events or developments that will or may occur in the
	future, including such matters as changes in market prices and conditions (for Digital Assets, ether and the Shares), the Trust’s
	operations, the Sponsor’s plans and references to the Trust’s future success and other similar matters are forward-looking
	statements. These statements are only predictions. Actual events or results may differ materially. These statements are based
	upon certain assumptions and analyses the Sponsor made based on its perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected
	future developments, as well as other factors appropriate in the circumstances. Whether or not actual results and developments
	will conform to the Sponsor’s expectations and predictions, however, is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties,
	including the special considerations discussed in this Prospectus, general economic, market and business conditions, changes in
	laws or regulations, including those concerning taxes, made by governmental authorities or regulatory bodies, and other world
	economic and political developments. See “Risk Factors.”




	 




	Consequently,
	all the forward-looking statements made in this Prospectus are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance
	that the actual results or developments the Sponsor anticipates will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they
	will result in the expected consequences to, or have the expected effects on, the Trust’s operations or the value of the
	Shares. Should one or more of these risks discussed in “Risk Factors” or other uncertainties materialize, or should
	underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those described in forward-looking statements.
	Neither the Trust nor the Sponsor or any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the forward-lookig
	statements. Forward-looking statements are made based on the Sponsor’s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements
	are made and neither the Trust nor the Sponsor is under a duty or undertakes an obligation to update forward-looking statements
	if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, other than as required by applicable laws. Investors
	are therefore cautioned against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




	 







	 



	ii



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS











	 





	PROSPECTUS
	SUMMARY




	 





	The
	following is only a summary of the Prospectus and, while it contains material information about the Trust and the Shares, it does
	not contain or summarize all of the information about the Trust and the Shares contained in this Prospectus which is material
	and/or which may be important to you. You should read this entire Prospectus, including “Risk Factors” beginning on
	page 9, before making an investment decision about the Shares.






	 






	Ether






	 





	Ether
	is a digital asset (“Digital Asset”) similar to bitcoin that is not issued by any government, bank or central organization.
	Ether has a value based on the value token of the blockchain of the peer-to-peer Ethereum computer network (the “Ethereum
	Network”) that hosts the decentralized public transaction ledger, known as the “Blockchain,” on which all ether
	is recorded. Ether can be transferred among parties via the Internet, without the use of a central administrator or clearing agency.
	The Ethereum Network software governs the creation of ether and secures and verifies ether transactions. The Ethereum Network
	software can interpret the Blockchain to determine the exact ether balance, if any, of any public ether address listed in the
	Blockchain which has taken part in a transaction on the Ethereum Network. An ether private key controls the transfer or “spending”
	of ether from its associated public ether address. An ether “wallet” is a collection of private keys and their associated
	public ether addresses.




	 




	The
	Ethereum Network is a recent technological innovation, and the ether that is created, transferred, used and stored by entities
	and individuals have certain features associated with several types of assets, most notably commodities and currencies.





	 






	The
	Trust






	 





	The
	Trust is a Delaware statutory trust, organized on [


	●


	], 2016, under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act (“DSTA”)
	and operates pursuant to the Trust Agreement between the Sponsor (as grantor) and the Trustee (the “Trust Agreement”),
	which sets forth the respective rights and duties of the Sponsor and the Trustee and authorizes the Sponsor, on behalf of the
	Trust, to enter into a custody agreement (the “Trust Custody Agreement”) with the Custodian. The Custodian serves
	as custodian to the Trust under the Trust Custody Agreement, which establishes the segregated custody account of the Trust that
	will be used to control the ether of the Trust on behalf of the Trust (the “Trust Custody Account”).




	 




	The
	Trust will issue common units of beneficial interest, or “Shares.” which represent units of fractional undivided beneficial
	interest in the net assets of the Trust. The Trust’s assets will consist of ether.




	 




	The
	Trust is not a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and is not required to register




	 




	The
	Shares provide investors with an opportunity to access the ether market through a traditional brokerage account.





	 





	Shares
	are issued only in one or more blocks of [●] Shares called “Baskets” in exchange for ether. The Trust will
	issue and redeem the Shares in Baskets only to certain Authorized Participants on an ongoing basis as described in the
	“Plan of Distribution” section of this Prospectus. On creation, Baskets will be distributed to the Authorized
	Participants by the Trust in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of the appropriate number of ether (i.e., ether equal in
	value to the value of the Shares being purchased). On redemption, the Trust will distribute ether equal in value to the value
	of the Shares being redeemed to the redeeming Authorized Participant in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of one or more
	Baskets. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted by the Administrator in a creation or redemption transaction
	will be the same (i.e., each Basket will consist of [●] Shares and the value of the Basket will be equal to the value
	of [●] Shares at their net asset value per Share on that day). The investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares
	to track the price of ether, as measured by the EtherIndex Price on each day [EXCHANGE] is open for trading (each a
	“Business Day”), less the Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses). The
	material terms of the Trust Agreement are discussed in greater detail under the section “Description of the Trust
	Agreement.”




	 




	Individual
	Shares will not be redeemed by the Trust, but are expected to be listed for trading, subject to notice of issuance, on [EXCHANGE]
	under the symbol “[TICKER].” Investors may purchase Shares through traditional brokerage accounts. Secondary market
	purchases and sales of Shares are subject to customary brokerage commissions and changes. Investors should review the terms of
	their brokerage accounts for applicable charges.



	 


	The
	market price of the Shares may not be identical to the net asset value of the Shares.



	 








	 



	1



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 






	The
	Sponsor








	 






	The
	Trust’s Sponsor is EtherIndex LLC, a Delaware limited liability company formed on June 15, 2016. The Shares are not interest
	in, or obligations of the Sponsor and are not guaranteed by the Sponsor, its members, or any of its affiliates

	.





	 










	The
	Sponsor will (1) select the Trustee, Administrator, and Custodian; (2) will negotiate various agreements and fees for the
	Trust; (3) will develop a marketing plan for the Trust on an ongoing basis and prepare marketing materials regarding the
	Shares; (4) maintain the Trust’s website; (5) will buy and sell ether with a view to causing the performance of the
	Trust to track that of the EtherIndex  Price, over time, before expenses and liabilities of the Trust, and (6) wil perform such
	other services as the Sponsor believes the Trust will require.

	 



	 




	The
	Sponsor arranged for the creation of the Trust, the registration of the Shares for their public offering in the United States
	and their listing on [EXCHANGE]. While the Sponsor general oversees the performance of the Administrator and the Trust’s
	principal service providers, it does not exercise day-to-day oversight of them.




	 




	The
	Sponsor maintains a public website on behalf of the Trust, containing information about the Trust and the Shares. The Internet
	address of the Trusts’ website is [●]. This Internet address is only provided here as a convenience to you and the
	information contained in, or connected to, the Trust’s website is not considered part of this Prospectus.




	 




	The
	Sponsor has agreed to assume the following administrative and marketing expenses incurred by the Trust: (i) the Trustee’s
	monthly fee and expenses reimbursable under the Trust Agreement, (ii) the Administrator’s monthly fee and expenses reimbursable
	under the Trust Servicing Agreement, (iii) the Trust Agency Service Provider’s monthly fee and expenses under the Trust
	Agency Service Provider Agreement, (iv)  the Custodian’s monthly fee and expenses reimbursable under the Trust Custody
	Agreement (v) Exchange listing fees, (vi) U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) registration fees, (viii)
	printing and mailing costs, (ix) costs of maintaining the Trust’s website, (x) audit fees, (xi) up to $[●] per year
	in marketing expenses and (xii) up to $[●] per year in legal expenses. The Sponsor will also pay the costs of the Trust’s
	organization and the initial sale of the Shares, including the applicable SEC registration fees.




	 






	The
	Trustee








	 






	[●],
	a Delaware trust company, acts as the trustee of the Trust. The duties of the Trustee are limited to (i) accepting legal process
	served on the Trust in the State of Delaware and (ii) the execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware
	Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute under the DSTA. To the extent that, at law or in equity,
	the Trustee has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Trust or the owners of beneficial
	interests in the Shares, such duties and liabilities will be replaced by the duties and liabilities of the Trustee expressly set
	forth in the Trust Agreement. The Trustee will have no obligation to supervise, nor will it be liable for, the acts or omissions
	of the Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider, Custodian, or any other person.




	 






	The
	Administrator








	 






	[●],
	the Administrator of the Trust, is generally responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Trust. This includes (i) assisting
	the Sponsor in receiving and processing orders from Authorized Participants to create and redeem Baskets and coordinating the
	processing of such orders with the Trust Agency Service Provider and The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), (ii) calculating
	the net asset value per Share (“NAV”), (iii) instructing the Custodian to transfer the Trust’s ether as needed
	to pay the remuneration due to the Sponsor (“Sponsor’s Fee”) in ether (such ether transfers are expected to
	occur approximately monthly in the ordinary course), (iv) instructing the Custodian to transfer the Trust’s ether as needed
	to pay any extraordinary Trust expenses that are not assumed by the Sponsor and (v) selling or directing the sale of the Trust’s
	remaining ether in the event of termination of the Trust and distributing the cash proceeds to the Shareholders of record.




	 




	The
	Trust’s Trust Agency Service Provider is (or is an affiliate of) the Administrator and is authorized by the Sponsor under
	the Trust Agreement to serve as the transfer agent in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement.
	The Trust Agency Service Provider, among other things, provides transfer agent services with respect to the creation and redemption
	of Baskets by Authorized Participants.




	 








	 



	2



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 






	The
	Custodian








	 






	The
	Trust’s Custodian is [●]. Although the Trust’s ether is not stored or deposited with the Custodian in a physical
	sense, all transactions involving the Trust’s ether are recorded on the Ethereum Network’s Blockchain and associated
	with a public ether address. The Trust’s public ether addresses are established by the Custodian, which holds the Trust’s
	ether and permits the Trust to move its ether. Access and control of those ether addresses, and the ether associated with them,
	is restricted through the public-private key pair relating to each ether address. The Custodian is responsible for the safekeeping
	of the Trust’s private keys used to access and transfer the Trust’s ether. The Custodian also facilitates the transfer
	of ether in accordance with the Administrator’s instructions pursuant to the terms of the Trust Servicing Agreement. The
	Custodian will store all of the Trust’s ether on a segregated basis in its unique ether addresses with balances that can
	be directly verified on the Blockchain. It will provide the Trust’s public ether addresses to the Administrator.




	 




	The
	Trust’s ether is valued each Business Day using the EtherIndex Price.




	 




	The
	general role, responsibilities and regulation of the Trustee, Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider and Custodian
	are further described in “Sponsor,” “Trustee,” “Administrator,” “Trust Agency Service
	Provider” and “Custodian,” respectively. Detailed descriptions of certain specific rights and duties of the
	Trustee, Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider and Custodian are set forth in “Description of the Trust
	Documents-Description of the Trust Agreement,” “Description of the Trust Documents-Description of the Trust Servicing
	Agreement,” “Description of the Trust Documents-Description of the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement,”
	and “Description of the Trust Documents-Description of the Trust Custody Agreement,” respectively. The Trust Agreement,
	Trust Servicing Agreement, Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement and Trust Custody Agreement are collectively referred to herein
	as the “Trust Documents.”




	 





	The
	Regulatory Environment





	 




	The
	Ethereum Network is a recent technological innovation, and the ether that is created, transferred, used and stored by entities
	and individuals have certain features associated with several types of assets, most notably commodities and currencies. Apart
	from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S.
	Department of the Treasury (“FinCEN”) and the US Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), most major U.S. regulators
	such as the SEC have yet to make official pronouncements or adopt rules providing guidance with respect to the classification
	and treatment of ether and other Digital Assets, including bitcoin, for purposes of commodities, tax and securities laws. Although
	the SEC has not opined on the legal characterization of ether as a security, it has taken various actions against persons or entities
	misusing cryptocurrency similar to ether in connection with fraudulent schemes (i.e., Ponzi scheme), inaccurate and inadequate
	publicly disseminated information, and the offering of unregistered securities. Commissioners of the CFTC initially expressed
	the belief that bitcoin, a Digital Asset similar to ether, meets the definition of a commodity and that the CFTC has regulatory
	authority over futures and other derivatives based on Digital Assets, subject to facts and circumstances. The CFTC also espoused
	the view that, on balance, the important features of bitcoin and other Digital Assets are those that are characteristics of commodities
	and therefore has referred to and discussed these assets as such. On September 17, 2015, when the CFTC instituted and settled
	administrative proceedings that involved a bitcoin derivatives trading platform and its chief executive officer (the “Coinflip
	case”). The order in the Coinflip case found that the respondents (i) conducted activity related to commodity options transactions
	without complying with the provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (“CEA”) and CFTC regulations,
	and (ii) operated a facility for the trading of swaps without registering the facility as a swap execution facility (“SEF”)
	or designated contract market (“DCM”). The Coinflip order was significant as it is the first time the CFTC determined
	that bitcoin is properly defined as a commodity under the CEA. Based on this determination, the CFTC applied CEA provisions and
	CFTC regulations that apply to transactions in commodity options and swaps to the conduct of the bitcoin derivatives trading platform.
	Significantly, the CFTC appears to have taken the position that Digital Assets are not encompassed by the definition of currency
	under the CEA and CFTC regulations. The CFTC defined “virtual currencies” (also known as Digital Assets) as “a
	digital representation of value that functions as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, and/or a store of value, but does not
	have legal tender status in any jurisdiction. Ether and other virtual currencies are distinct from ‘real’ currencies,
	which are the coin and paper money of the United States or another country that are designated as legal tender, circulate, and
	are customarily used and accepted as a medium of exchange in the country of issuance.”



	 







	 



	3



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS








	 





	It
	is not known whether all US or foreign regulators will share this view, adopt a single, different view or espouse a variety of
	differing views. To date, a U.S. magistrate judge in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas and the German
	Ministry of Finance have ruled that bitcoin, a Digitial Asset, is a “form of money” and a “unit of account,”
	respectively, and the IRS has classified bitcoin as property that is not currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes, although
	the degree to which such interpretations will become the norm is unknown. The New York State Department of Taxation and Finance,
	citing the IRS classification, defined Digital Assets as “intangible property,” and a number of other states have
	issued their own guidance regarding the tax treatment of bitcoin for state income or sales tax purposes.




	 




	In
	July 2014, the NYSDFS proposed the first US regulatory framework for licensing participants in “virtual currency business
	activity.” The proposed regulations, known as the “BitLicense,” are intended to focus on consumer protection
	and, after the closure of an initial comment period that yielded 3,746 formal public comments and a reproposal, the NYSDFS issued
	its final “BitLicense” regulatory framework in June 2015. The “BitLicense” regulates the conduct of businesses
	that are involved in “virtual currencies” in New York or with New York customers and prohibits any person or entity
	involved in such activity to conduct activities without a license.




	 




	In
	March 2014, the NewYork State Department of Financial Services (“NYSDFS”) issued a public order initiating a process
	for accepting charter applications for virtual currency exchanges under the existing New York banking law.





	 





	Ether
	has only recently been created as a Digital Asset. Ether is created, transferred and stored on the Ethereum Network, a network
	of computers all running the ethereum blockchain. A beta version of its live blockchain was publicly launched in July 2015, and
	the production version was launched in March 2016. As a consequence of its recent emergence as a Digital Asset, ether has not
	been the subject of any known regulatory action. However, ether is similar to bitcoin, a Digital Asset that has been in existence
	for a greater period of time and has received regulatory attention. The Sponsor believes that ether will be treated by regulatory
	authorities in the same manner as they treat bitcoin.




	 




	Bitcon
	has been characterized as a virtual commodity, digital asset, digital currency and virtual currency by other international regulatory
	bodies. Since December 2013, regulators in jurisdictions including the United States, the United Kingdom and Switzerland have
	provided greater regulatory clarity, while Chinese, Russian, Icelandic and Vietnamese government officials have taken steps to
	limit the participation of their respective financial services sectors from directly interacting with the bitcoin ecosystem, creating
	additional regulatory uncertainty in those countries. In May 2014, the Central Bank of Bolivia banned the use of Digital Assets
	as currency, while the government of Ecuador took steps to limit the use of bitcoin in advance of the issuance of a proposed state-backed
	Digital Asset. In April 2015, the Japanese Cabinet approved proposed legal changes that would reportedly treat Digital Assets
	as included in the definition of currency. These regulations would, among other things, require market participants, including
	exchanges, to meet certain compliance requirements and be subject to oversight by the Financial Services Agency, a Japanese regulator.
	These changes were approved by the Japanese Diet in May 2016 and are expected to be effective beginning in 2017. The regulatory
	uncertainty surrounding the treatment of ether creates risks for the Trust and its Shares. See “Risk Factors—Risk
	Factors Related to the Regulation of the Trust and the Shares.”




	 




	The
	Sponsor believes the Trust to be the first exchange-traded product (“ETP”) in the United States that seeks to track
	the price of ether.




	 




	The
	Shares are speculative and investing in them involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors.”



	 











	 



	4



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 

	 



	Emerging
	Growth Company Status




	 




	The
	Trust is an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (“JOBS Act”).
	For as long as the Trust is an emerging growth company, unlike other public companies, it will not be required to:




	 








	●




	provide
	an auditor’s attestation report on management’s assessment of the effectiveness
	of our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b)
	of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	comply
	with any new requirements adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or
	the PCAOB, requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s
	report in which the auditor would be required to provide additional information about
	the audit and the financial statements of the issuer;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	comply
	with any new audit rules adopted by the PCAOB after April 5, 2012, unless the SEC determines
	otherwise;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	provide
	certain disclosure regarding executive compensation required of larger public companies;
	or





	 


	 


	 







	●




	obtain
	shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.





	 



	The
	Trust will cease to be an “emerging growth company” upon the earliest of (i) when it has $1.0 billion or more in annual
	revenues, (ii) when it is deemed to be a large accelerated filer under Rule 12b-2 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934, as amended, (iii) when it issues more than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period, or (iv)
	the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of its initial public offering.




	 




	In
	addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition
	period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”) for complying with
	new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
	until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies; however, the Trust is choosing to “opt out” of such
	extended transition period, and as a result, the Trust will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates
	on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that the
	Trust’s decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is
	irrevocable.




	 




	Principal
	Offices




	 




	The
	Trustee’s principal office is located at [●]. The Sponsor’s address is 232 8

	th

	Avenue, Unit 4, New
	York, NY 10011, and the Sponsor’s telephone number is (212) 378-6714. The Custodian’s address is [●], and the
	Custodian’s telephone number is [●]. The Administrator’s and the Trust Agency Service Provider’s principal
	office is located at [●]



	 







	 



	5



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS











	 





	THE
	OFFERING




	 






	Offering




	 




	The
	Shares represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in the net assets of the Trust.





	 


	 


	 





	Use
	of Proceeds




	 




	Proceeds
	received by the Trust from the issuance and sale of Baskets, including the initial [●] Baskets issued in connection
	with the formation of the Trust (the “Seed Baskets”), will consist only of ether. During the life of the Trust,
	such proceeds will only be (i) held by the Trust, (ii) distributed to Authorized Participants in connection with the redemption
	of Baskets; (iii) transferred to pay the Sponsor’s Fee; (iv) transferred and sold as needed to pay the Trust’s
	expenses not assumed by the Sponsor; or (v) sold in connection with the termination and liquidation of the Trust or as otherwise
	required by law or regulation.





	 


	 


	 





	Listing
	Exchange




	 




	[EXCHANGE]





	 


	 


	 





	Exchange
	Symbol




	 




	[TICKER]





	 


	 


	 






	CUSIP
	 




	 




	Ether
	and the Ethereum Network




	 




	 





	 





	[CUSIP]




	 




	Ether
	is a recently created Digital Asset that is issued by, and transmitted through, the decentralized, open source protocol
	of the peer-to-peer Ethereum Network. The Ethereum Network hosts the decentralized public transaction ledger, known as
	the Blockchain, on which all ether is recorded. No single entity owns or operates the Ethereum Network. The infrastructure
	of the Ethereum Network is collectively maintained by a decentralized user base. Ether can be used to pay for goods and
	services or can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S. Dollar, at rates determined on ether exchanges (each
	an “Ether Exchange”) or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions under a barter system.




	 




	Ether
	is “stored” or reflected on the Blockchain, which is a digital file stored on the computers of each Ethereum
	Network user. The Ethereum Network software governs the creation of ether and secures and verifies ether transactions.
	The Blockchain is a record of every ether, every ether transaction (including the creation or “mining” of
	new ether) and every Ethereum Network public address associated with a quantity of ether. The Ethereum Network utilizes
	the Blockchain to evidence the existence of ether in any Ethereum Network public address. A private key controls the transfer
	or “spending” of ether from its associated public address. A digital wallet is a collection of private keys
	and their associated public addresses. The Blockchain is comprised of a digital file, downloaded and stored, in whole
	or in part, on all Ethereum Network users’ software programs. The file includes all blocks that have been solved
	by miners and is updated to include new blocks as they are solved. As each newly solved block refers back to and “connects”
	with the immediately prior solved block, the addition of a new block adds to the Blockchain in a manner similar to a new
	link being added to a chain. Each new block records outstanding ether transactions, and outstanding transactions are settled
	and validated through such recording. The Blockchain represents a complete, transparent and unbroken history of all transactions
	of the Ethereum Network. Each ether transaction is broadcast to the Ethereum Network and recorded in the Blockchain.






	 


	 


	 





	Creation
	and Redemption of Shares




	 




	The
	Trust will issue and redeem Shares in one or more Baskets only to or from certain Authorized Participants on an ongoing basis
	as described in the “Plan of Distribution” section of this Prospectus. On creation, Baskets will be distributed
	to the Authorized Participants by the Trust in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of the appropriate number of ether (i.e.,
	ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being purchased). On redemption, the Trust will distribute ether equal in
	value to the value of the Shares being redeemed to the redeeming Authorized Participant in exchange for the delivery to the
	Trust of one or more Baskets. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted by the Administrator in a creation or
	redemption transaction will be the same (i.e., each Basket will consist of [●] Shares and the value of the Basket will
	be equal to the value of [●] Shares at their net asset value per Share on that day). The Trust will not issue or redeem
	fractions of a Basket. Baskets may be created or redeemed only by Authorized Participants, which will be required to pay a
	transaction fee (“Transaction Fee”) to the Trust Agency Service Provider for each order to create or redeem Baskets.
	Authorized Participants may sell to other investors all or part of the Shares included in the Baskets they purchase from the
	Trust. The Initial Purchaser will not be subject to a Transaction Fee for the purchase of the Seed Baskets. See “Creation
	and Redemption of Shares” for more details.







	 








	 



	6



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS








	 





	NAV




	 




	The
	net asset value per Share (“NAV”) of the Trust is the asset value of the Trust less its liabilities (which
	include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses) divided by the number of outstanding Shares as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern time
	each day [EXCHANGE] is open for regular trading (each a “Business Day”). The Administrator will calculate the
	NAV using the EtherIndex Price

	.

	The Sponsor will publish the Trust’s NAV on the Trust’s website as soon as
	practicable after their calculation by the Administrator.





	 


	 


	 





	Trust
	Expenses




	 





	The
	Trust’s only ordinary recurring charge is expected to be the remuneration due to the Sponsor (“Sponsor’s
	Fee”). In exchange for the Sponsor’s Fee, the Sponsor has agreed to assume the ordinary administrative and
	marketing expenses that the Trust is expected to incur. The Sponsor will also pay the costs of the Trust’s organization
	and the initial sale of the Shares, including the applicable SEC registration fees.




	 




	The
	Sponsor’s Fee is [●] percent per annum of the daily net assets of the Trust and will accrue daily in ether
	and will be payable “in kind” (in ether) monthly in arrears. To pay the Sponsor’s Fee, as soon as practicable
	after the completion of any calendar month, the Administrator will calculate, using the EtherIndex Price


	on
	such calculation day, the number of ether required to pay the outstanding Sponsor’s Fee and transfer such ether
	from the Trust Custody Account to an account maintained by the Custodian for the Sponsor (“Sponsor Custody Account”).
	The Sponsor, from time to time, may waive all or a portion of the Sponsor’s Fee at its discretion for stated periods
	of time. The Sponsor is under no obligation to continue a waiver after the end of such stated period, and, if such waiver
	is not continued, the Sponsor’s Fee will thereafter be paid in full. The Administrator will from time to time instruct
	the Custodian to deliver to the Sponsor Custody Account ether in such quantity as may be necessary to permit payment of
	the Sponsor’s Fee.




	 




	The
	Sponsor is not required to assume extraordinary, nonrecurring expenses, therefore the Trust may incur certain extraordinary,
	nonrecurring expenses (e.g., expenses relating to litigation) that are not contractually assumed by the Sponsor. In such
	circumstances, the Administrator may from time to time, cause the Custodian to transfer from the Trust Custody Account
	and deliver to a segregated account of the Trust (“Trust Expense Account”) ether for sale or other conversion
	to US Dollars or other fiat currencies in such quantity as may be necessary to permit payment of Trust expenses not assumed
	by the Sponsor. Under such circumstances, the sale or conversion to fiat currency of ether will occur after such ether
	has been delivered from the Trust to the Trust Expense Account.




	 








	In
	order to ensure the processing of transfers of ether into and out of the Trust Custody Account, or among public ether
	addresses in the Trust Custody Account or the Trust Expense Account, the Trust shall pay a transaction fee to Ethereum
	Network miners is prudent. See “Overview of the Ether Industry and Market—Ether Mining & Creation of New
	Ether.” To the extent that such transaction fee payments are made, the Custodian shall pay for or reimburse the
	Trust for such transaction fees by the transfer of additional ether in the amount of such fees during the creation and
	redemption process. It is anticipated that the reimbursement of transaction fees paid to miners shall be more than accounted
	for by the payment of creation and redemption Transaction Fees by Authorized Participants. The Trust Agency Service Provider
	will reimburse the Custodian’s payment of miner fees from and up to the amount of such creation and redemption Transaction
	Fees on a monthly basis.






	 


	 


	 







	 











	The
	number of ether to be transferred and sold will vary from time to time depending on the level of the Trust’s expenses and
	the relevant price (for the payment of the Sponsor’s Fee) or the proceeds of the sales of ether to pay other expenses (for
	the payment of Trust expenses other than the Sponsor’s Fee, e.g., extraordinary expenses). See “Business of the Trust—Trust
	Expenses.” Each delivery, transfer or sale of ether by the Trust to pay the Sponsor’s Fee or other expenses will be
	a taxable event for Shareholders. See “United States Federal Income Tax Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Holders.”








	 








	 



	7



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 







	Termination
	Events




	 





	The
	Trust will dissolve and liquidate if certain events occur. See “Description of the Trust Agreement—Termination of
	the Trust.”






	 


	 


	 





	Authorized
	Participants




	 





	Baskets
	may be created or redeemed only by Authorized Participants. Each Authorized Participant must (i) be a registered broker-dealer
	or other securities market participant such as a bank or other financial institution which is not required to register as a broker-dealer
	to engage in securities transactions, (ii) be a direct participant in DTC, and (iii) have entered into an agreement with the Sponsor
	(an “Authorized Participant Agreement”). To facilitate creation and redemption transactions, Authorized Participants
	may, but are not required to, establish an ether custody account with the Custodian. Authorized Participant Agreements provide
	the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets and for the delivery of ether required for such creations or redemptions.
	A list of the current Authorized Participants can be obtained from the Administrator or the Sponsor. See “Creation and Redemption
	of Shares” for more details

	.


	 






	Clearance
	and Settlement




	 





	The
	Shares will be evidenced by one or more global certificates that the Trust Agency Service Provider will issue to DTC.
	The Shares will be available only in book-entry form. Shareholders may hold their Shares through DTC, if they are direct
	participants in DTC (“DTC Participants”), or indirectly through broker-dealers, banks or other entities that
	are DTC Participants.




	 







	Exchange
	Listing




	 




	The
	 Shares will be listed on [EXCHANGE].






	 



	Summary
	of Financial Condition




	 




	As
	of the close of business on [●], 2016, the net asset value of the Trust, which represents the value of the ether deposited
	into and held by the Trust in exchange for the Seed Baskets, less liabilities of the Trust (which include accrued but unpaid fees
	and expenses), was $[●] and the NAV was $[●] See “Statement of Financial Condition” elsewhere in this
	Prospectus.



	 









	 



	8



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 








	RISK
	FACTORS




	 





	You
	should consider carefully the risks described below before making an investment decision. You should also refer to the other information
	included in this Prospectus, including the Trust’s financial statements and related notes.






	 






	Overview
	of the Ether Industry and Market

	 




	 




	Ether
	has only recently been created as a Digital Asset. Ether is created, transferred and stored on the Ethereum Network, a network
	of computers all running the ethereum blockchain. A beta version of its live blockchain was publicly launched in July 2015, and
	the production version was launched in March 2016.




	 




	Ether
	is issued by, and transmitted through, the decentralized, open source protocol of the peer-to-peer Ethereum Network. The Ethereum
	Network is a network of computers all running the ethereum blockchain. The blockchain allows people to exchange tokens of value,
	called ether. The Ethereum Network also allows people to write and put on the network smart contracts  – general-purpose
	code that executes on every computer in the network (currently over 6,000 computers). Transactions on the Ethereum Network are
	executed automatically on the blockchain and cost ether for the use of the network’s processing. The Ethereum Network is
	one of a number of projects intended to expand blockchain use beyond Bitcoin's peer-to-peer money system.




	 




	The
	Ethereum Network hosts the decentralized public transaction ledger, known as the blockchain, on which all ether is recorded. No
	single entity owns or operates the Ethereum Network, the infrastructure of which is collectively maintained by a decentralized
	user base. Ether can be used to pay for goods and services or can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S. Dollar,
	at rates determined on crypto currency exchanges or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions under a barter system. See
	“Uses of Ether–Ether Exchange Market,” below.




	  




	Ether
	is “stored” or reflected on the digital transaction ledger known as the “blockchain,” which is a digital
	file stored in a decentralized manner on the computers of each Ethereum Network user. The Ethereum Network software governs the
	creation of ether and secures and verifies ether transactions. The blockchain records every ether, ether balances, and every ether
	address associated with a quantity of ether. The Ethereum Network and its software programs determine the exact ether balance,
	if any, of any public ether address listed in the Blockchain as having taken part in a transaction on the Ethereum Network. The
	Ethereum Network utilizes the blockchain to evidence the existence of ether in any public ether address. A private key controls
	the transfer or “spending” of ether from its associated public ether address. An ether wallet is a collection of private
	keys and their associated public ether addresses.




	 




	Because
	of the recent deployment of the Ethereum Network and ether and uncertainty about potential regulation of ether, the Trust will
	be subject to a number of risk factors set forth below.





	 






	Risk
	Factors Related to the Ethereum Network and Ether




	 






	The
	Ethereum Network has only recently been deployed.








	 






	The
	Ethereum Network and the Ethereum Network software are in their early stages. The production version of the Blockchain on the
	Ethereum Network was only recently launched in March 2016. As a result, the Ethereum Network has had fewer attacks and has undergone
	less testing the the older more established Bitcoin Network.




	 




	Because
	of its infancy as a Digital Asset, ether has experienced sharp fluctuations in value. Since its initial trading, ether has experienced
	one-day, one-month and since-inception changes of 31%, 16.7% and 53.7%, respectively. If such volatility continues, it may have
	an adverse affect on the willingness of parties, other than speculators or those that need ether to use the Ethereum Network,
	to receive ether in a transaction.




	 




	The
	Ethereum Network is also in a state of evolution. Ether is currently awarded to miners based upon “proof of work”,
	but there are plans for it to change awards to to a “proof of stake” model in 2017.




	 











	 



	9



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 






	Vitalik
	Buterin


	, a founder and leading proponent
	of the Ethereum Network has been quoted as acknowledging that there is always a chance that the Ethereum project will fail.


	 








	 








	The
	loss or destruction of a private key required to transfer the Trust’s ether holdings may be irreversible and would adversely
	affect an investment in the Shares.








	 






	Ether
	can only be transferred with the private key associated with the Ethereum Network public address in which the ether is held. The
	Trust safeguards and securely stores the private keys associated with the Trust’s Ethereum Network public addresses by engaging
	the Custodian. To the extent a private key is lost, destroyed, exfiltrated or otherwise compromised and no backup of the private
	key is accessible, the Custodian will be unable to transfer the Trust’s ether held in the public addresses associated with
	that private key. Consequently, the ether associated with that public address will effectively be lost, which would adversely
	affect an investment in the Shares.




	 






	The
	limit on the supply of Ether is uncertain.








	 






	Unlike
	bitcoin, which has a fixed limit of 21,000,000 bitcoin, no limit has been established on the total supply of ether. The initial
	creation of ether was in connection with a crowd funding transaction in 2014 in which 60,000,000 ether were pre sold. Another
	12,000,000 ether were created to the development fund, most of it going to early contributors and developers and the remaining
	to the Ethereum Foundation. All additional ether have been and will be created through the mining process. It has been reported
	that approximately 9,700,000 million ether have been created to date through the mining process. According to the terms of the
	2014 presale, the issuance of ether from mining is capped at 18,000,000 ether per year. However, it is expected that in 2017 the
	Ethereum Nework will


	switched from Proof of Work to a new consensus algorithm under development, called Casper, that is
	expected to be more efficient and require less mining subsidy. While the Ethereum Foundation has stated that it is expected that
	the current maximum is considered a ceiling and the new issuance under Casper will not exceed it (and is expected to be much less),
	there is no assurance that will be the case.




	 






	The
	creation and exchange of ether are not the sole puposes of the Ethereum Network.








	 






	The
	Ethereum Network is an alternative decentralized ledger protocol with an ideological lineage that contains as much BitTorrent,
	Java and Freenet as it does bitcoin. It is a general-purpose, global blockchain that can govern both financial and non-financial
	types of application states. In its essence, the Ethereum Network enables decentralized business logic, also known as “smart
	contracts”, represented as cryptographic “boxes” that contain value and only unlock it if certain conditions
	are met. Smart contracts are capable of automatically enforcing the terms of a given agreement among a number of parties. This
	code can define strict rules and consequences in the same way that a traditional legal document would, stating the obligations,
	benefits and penalties which may be due to either party in various different circumstances. But unlike a traditional contract
	it can also take information as an input, process that information through the rules set out in the contract, and take any actions
	required of it as a result.




	 




	Given
	this alternate focus of the Ethereum Network, it does not have the same single focus as the Bitcoin Network.




	 






	Acceptance
	of the Ethereum Network and other Digital Asset systems are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate could
	affect the price of the Shares.







	 





	The
	adoption of ether will require growth in its usage and an accommodating regulatory environment. The Trust is not actively managed
	and will not have any strategy relating to the development of the Ethereum Network and changes in the regulatory environment.
	Furthermore, the Sponsor cannot be certain as to the impact of the listing of the Trust and the expansion of its ether holdings
	on the Digital Asset industry and the Ethereum Network. A decline in the popularity or acceptance of the Ethereum Network may
	harm the price of the Shares. There is no assurance that the Ethereum Network, or the service providers necessary to accommodate
	it, will continue in existence or grow. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the availability of and access to Digital Asset
	service providers will not be negatively affected by government regulation or supply and demand of ether.




	 







	 



	10



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 






	Currently,
	there is little or no use of ether in the retail and commercial marketplace in comparison to relatively extensive use by speculators
	and miners, thus contributing to price volatility that could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.








	 






	As
	a relatively new product and technology, ether and the Ethereum Network have not yet been accepted as a means of payment for goods
	and services by major retail and commercial outlets. Banks and other established financial institutions may refuse to process
	funds for ether transactions, process wire transfers to or from ether exchanges, ether-related companies or service providers,
	or maintain accounts for persons or entities transacting in ether. Conversely, a significant portion of ether demand is generated
	by speculators and investors seeking to profit from the short- or long-term holding of ether and those that mine ether on the
	Ethereum Network. Price volatility undermines ether’s role as a medium of exchange as retailers are much less likely to
	accept it as a form of payment. Market capitalization for ether as a medium of exchange and payment method may always be low.
	A lack of expansion by ether into retail and commercial markets, or a contraction of such use, may result in increased volatility
	or a reduction in the value of ether, either of which could adversely impact an investment in the Shares.




	 






	A
	disruption of the Internet would affect the Ethereum Network and the ability to transfer ether.








	 






	The
	Ethereum Network’s functionality depends on the Internet. A significant disruption in Internet connectivity could disrupt
	the Ethereum Network’s operations until the disruption is resolved and have an adverse effect on the price of the Shares.




	 






	Intellectual
	property rights claims may adversely affect the operation of the Ethereum Network.








	 






	Third
	parties may assert intellectual property claims relating to the holding and transfer of Digital Assets and their source code.
	Regardless of the merit of any intellectual property or other legal action, any threatened action that reduces confidence in the
	Ethereum Network’s long-term viability or the ability of end-users to hold and transfer ether may adversely affect an investment
	in the Shares. Additionally, a meritorious intellectual property claim could prevent the Trust and other end-users from accessing
	the Ethereum Network or holding or transferring their ether, which could force the termination of the Trust and the liquidation
	of the Trust’s ether (if such liquidation of the Trust’s ether is possible). As a result, an intellectual property
	claim against the Trust or other large Ethereum Network participants could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.





	 






	Risk
	Factors Related to the Ethereum Exchange Market  




	 






	The
	value of the Shares relates directly to the value of the ether held by the Trust and fluctuations in the price of ether could
	adversely affect an investment in the Shares.








	 






	The
	Trust’s purpose is to provide shareholders with exposure to the daily change in the U.S. dollar price of ether, before
	expenses and liabilities of the Trust, as measured by the EtherIndex Price. As a result, the value of the Shares is directly
	related to the value of ether held by the Trust. The price of ether has fluctuated widely since trading commenced in 2015.
	Several factors may affect the market price of ether, including, but not limited to:




	 








	●




	Global
	ether supply;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	The
	adoption of, and demand for ether, which will be influenced by retail merchants’
	and commercial businesses’ acceptance of ether as payment for goods and services
	(if it occurs), the security of online Ether Exchanges and public ether addresses that
	hold ether, the perception that the use and holding of ether is safe and secure, and
	an accommodating regulatory environment;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Investors’
	expectations with respect to the rate of inflation;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Interest
	rates;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Currency
	exchange rates, including the rates at which ether may be exchanged for fiat currencies;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Fiat
	currency withdrawal and deposit policies of the Ether Exchanges and liquidity on the
	Ether Exchanges;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Interruptions
	in service from or failures of the Ether Exchanges;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Investment
	and trading activities of large investors, including private and registered funds, that
	may directly or indirectly invest in ether;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Monetary
	policies of governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and revaluations;





	 








	 



	11



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 







	●




	Regulatory
	measures, if any, that restrict the use of ether as a form of payment or the purchase
	of ether on the Ether Market;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	The
	maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the Ethereum Network;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Global
	or regional political, economic or financial events and situations; and





	 


	 


	 







	●




	Expectations
	among ether economy participants that the value of ether will soon change.






	 




	In
	addition, investors should be aware that there is no assurance that ether will maintain its value in the long or intermediate
	term. In the event that the price of ether declines, the Sponsor expects the value of an investment in the Shares to decline proportionately.




	 






	Pricing
	on the Ether Exchanges may continue to be volatile and can adversely affect an investment in the Shares.








	 






	The
	price of ether on the public Ether Exchanges has a limited one year history. During such history, ether prices on the Ether Exchanges
	have been volatile.

	Since its initial trading, ether has experienced one-day, one-month and since-inception
	changes of 31%, 16.7% and 53.7%, respectively





	 




	The
	Trust will transact ether on a limited number of Ether Exchanges either because of actual or perceived counterparty or other risks
	related to a particular Ether Exchange. Trading on a limited number of Ether Exchanges may result in less favorable prices and
	decreased liquidity for the Trust and, therefore, could have an adverse effect on the Trust and Shareholders.




	 






	The
	Ether Exchanges on which ether trades are relatively new and, in most cases, largely unregulated and, therefore, may be more exposed
	to fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. Any fraud, security failure or operational issues
	experienced by the Ether Exchanges could result in a reduction in the value of ether and adversely affect an investment in the
	Shares.







	 





	The
	Ether Exchanges on which ether trades are new and, in most cases, largely unregulated. Furthermore, many Ether Exchanges do not
	provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices or
	regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, Ether Exchanges,
	including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of ether trading. Ether Exchanges may impose daily,
	weekly, monthly or customer-specific transaction or distribution limits or suspend withdrawals entirely, rendering the exchange
	of virtual currency for fiat currency difficult or impossible. The participation in Ether Exchanges requires users to take on
	credit risk by transferring ether from a personal account to a third party’s account.




	 




	Over
	the past four (4) years, a number of Digital Asset exchanges have been closed due to fraud, failure or security breaches. In many
	of these instances, the customers of such Digital Asset exchanges were not compensated or made whole for the partial or complete
	losses of their account balances in such Digital Asset exchanges. While smaller Digital Asset exchanges are less likely to have
	the infrastructure and capitalization that make larger Digital Asset exchanges more stable, larger Digital Asset exchanges are
	more likely to be appealing targets for hackers and “malware” (i.e., software used or programmed by attackers to disrupt
	computer operation, gather sensitive information or gain access to private computer systems). In 2014, the largest bitcoin exchange
	at the time, Mt. Gox, filed for bankruptcy in Japan amid reports the exchange lost up to 850,000 bitcoin, valued then at over
	$450 million.




	 




	A
	lack of stability in the Ether Exchange Market and the closure or temporary shutdown of Ether Exchanges due to fraud, business
	failure, hackers or malware, or government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence in the Ethereum Network and result in greater
	volatility in the market price of ether. These potential consequences of an Ether Exchange’s failure could adversely affect
	an investment in the Shares




	 







	 



	12



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 






	The
	Shares may trade at a discount or premium in the trading price relative to the NAV as a result of non-concurrent trading hours
	between [EXCHANGE] and the Ether Exchanges.







	 





	The
	value of the Shares may be influenced by non-concurrent trading hours between [EXCHANGE] and various Ether Exchanges. While [EXCHANGE]
	is open for trading in the Shares for a limited period each day, the Ether Exchanges are a 24-hour marketplace. In addition, trading
	volume and liquidity on the Ether Exchanges is not consistent throughout the day and exchanges for Digital Assets, including the
	larger-volume markets, have been known to shut down temporarily or permanently due to security concerns, directed denial of service
	attack, and other reasons. As a result, during periods when [EXCHANGE] is open but large Ether Exchanges (or a substantial number
	of smaller Ether Exchanges) are either lightly traded or are closed, trading spreads and the resulting premium or discount on
	the Shares may widen and, therefore, increase the difference between the price of the Shares and the NAV. Premiums or discounts
	may have an adverse effect on an investment in the Shares if a Shareholder sells or acquires its Shares during a period of discount
	or premium, respectively.




	 






	To
	the extent that ether prices on the Ether Exchanges move negatively during hours when U.S. equity markets are closed, trading
	prices of the Shares may “gap” down at market open.







	 





	The
	value of a Share may be influenced by non-concurrent trading hours between U.S equity markets and various Ether Exchanges. While
	U.S. equity markets are open for trading in the Shares for a limited period each day, the Ether Exchanges are a 24-hour marketplace.
	During periods when U.S. equity markets are closed but Ether Exchanges are open, significant changes in the price of ether in
	the Ether Exchange Market could result in a difference in performance between the price of ether and the most recent Share price.
	To the extent that the price of ether in the Ether Exchanges moves significantly in a negative direction after the close of U.S
	equity markets, the trading price of the Shares may “gap” down to the full extent of such negative price shift when
	U.S. equity markets reopen. To the extent that the price of ether in the Ether Exchange Market drops significantly during hours
	in which U.S. equity markets are closed, investors may not be able to sell their Shares until after the “gap” down
	has been fully realized, resulting in an inability to mitigate losses in a rapidly negative market.




	 






	A
	possible “short squeeze” due to a sudden increase in demand for the Shares that largely exceeds supply may lead to
	price volatility in the Shares.







	 





	Investors
	may purchase Shares to hedge existing ether or other Digital Assets, commodity or currency exposure or to speculate on the price
	of ether. Speculation on the price of ether may involve long and short exposures. To the extent that aggregate short exposure
	exceeds the number of Shares available for purchase (for example, in the event that large redemption requests by Authorized Participants
	dramatically affect Share liquidity), investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase Shares for delivery
	to Share lenders. Those repurchases may, in turn, dramatically increase the price of the Shares until additional Shares are created
	through the creation process. This is often referred to as a “short squeeze.” A short squeeze could lead to volatile
	price movements in the Shares that are not directly correlated to the price of ether.




	 




	Purchasing
	activity in the Ether Exchanges associated with Basket creation or selling activity following Basket redemption may affect the
	price of ether and Share trading prices. These price changes may adversely affect an investment in the Shares.




	 




	Purchasing
	activity associated with acquiring ether required for delivery to the Trust in connection with the creation of Baskets may increase
	the market price of ether on the Ether Exchanges, which will result in higher prices for the Shares. Increases in the market price
	of ether may also occur as a result of the purchasing activity of other market participants. Other market participants may attempt
	to benefit from an increase in the market price of ether that may result from increased purchasing activity of ether connected
	with the issuance of Baskets. Consequently, the market price of ether may decline immediately after Baskets are created. If the
	market price of ether declines, the trading price of the Shares will generally also decline.




	 




	Selling
	activity associated with sales of ether distributed by the Trust in connection with the redemption of Baskets may decrease the
	market price of ether on the Ether Exchanges, which will result in lower prices for the Shares. Decreases in the market price
	of ether may also occur as a result of the selling activity of other market participants. If the market price of ether declines,
	the trading price of the Shares will generally also decline.




	 






	An
	investment in the Shares may be adversely affected by competition from other methods of investing in ether or from other Digital
	Assets.








	 






	The
	Trust will compete with direct investments in ether, bitcoin and other potential financial vehicles, possibly including other
	securities backed by or linked to ether and Digital Asset ETPs that are similar to the Trust or that focus on other Digital Assets.
	Market and financial conditions, and other conditions beyond the Sponsor’s control, may make it more attractive to invest
	in other financial vehicles, including vehicles that focus on other Digital Assets, or to invest in ether directly, which could
	limit the market for the Shares and reduce the liquidity of the Shares.




	 







	 



	13



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 






	The
	market price of ether may be affected by the sale of other Digital Asset ETPs or other financial instruments tracking the price
	of ether.








	 






	To
	the extent Digital Asset ETPs other than the Trust or other financial instruments, such as futures contracts, track the price
	of ether are formed or offered and represent a significant proportion of demand for ether, large redemptions of the securities
	of these Digital Asset ETPs or other financial instruments, or private funds holding ether, could negatively affect the market
	price of ether and the NAV.




	 




	Political
	or economic crises may motivate large-scale sales of ether, which could result in a reduction in the market price of ether and
	adversely affect an investment in the Shares.




	 






	The
	availability of other Digital Assets could have a negative impact on the price of ether and adversely affect an investment in
	the Shares.








	 






	Ether
	is the second largets Digial Asset using a proof of work mining structure, behind bitcoin. As of [May 2016], there were approximately
	seven hundred (700) alternate Digital Assets (or altcoins) tracked by CoinMarketCap.com, having a total market capitalization
	(including the market capitalization of ether) of approximately $8.41 billion, using market prices and total available supply
	of each Digital Asset. This included Digital Assets using a “proof of work” mining structure similar to Ether, and
	those using a “proof of stake” transaction verification system that is different than Ether’s mining system
	(e.g., Peercoin, Bitshares and NXT). The emergence or growth alternative Digital Assets could have a negative impact on the demand
	for, and price of, ether and thereby adversely affect an investment in the Shares.





	 







	Risk
	Factors Related To The Trust And The Shares 






	 







	The
	Sponsor and its management have no history of operating an investment vehicle like the Trust and their experience may be inadequate
	or unsuitable to manage the Trust.








	 






	The
	Sponsor was formed to be the Sponsor of the Trust and has no history of past performance in managing investment vehicles like
	the Trust. The past performance of the Sponsor’s management in other positions, including their experience in the commodities
	industry, is no indication of their ability to manage an investment vehicle such as the Trust. If the Sponsor is unable to manage
	an investment vehicle such as the Trust, the operations of the Trust may be adversely affected.




	 





	The
	Trust invests solely in ether.






	 





	Other
	than cash held for working capital purposes, the Trust will invest solely in ether, which is a new and highly speculative asset.
	The ether held by the Trust is commingled and investors have no specific rights to any specific ether. In the event of the Trust’s
	insolvency, its assets may be inadequate to satisfy a claim by an investor. The Trust is not actively “managed” by
	traditional methods and it will not take any steps to minimize volatility or manage risk. There is no assurance that this investment
	program will be successful. Ether is volatile and investment results may vary substantially over time. The Sponsor will not wind
	down the Trust based solely on a drop in the trading price of ether, regardless of how significant. No assurance can be made that
	profits will be achieved or that substantial or complete losses will not be incurred.




	 





	The
	value of the Shares could decrease if unanticipated operational or trading problems arise

	.




	 




	There
	may be unanticipated problems or issues with respect to the mechanics of the Trust’s operations and the trading of the Shares
	that could have an adverse effect on an investment in the Shares. In addition, although the Trust is not actively “managed”
	by traditional methods, to the extent that unanticipated operational or trading problems or issues arise, the Sponsor’s
	past experience and qualifications may not be suitable for solving these problems or issues.




	 







	 



	14



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	The
	lack of an active trading market for the Shares may result in a loss on an investment in the Shares when they are sold.





	 




	Although
	the Shares will be listed on [EXCHANGE], there is no assurance that an active trading market will develop or be maintained for
	the Shares. Even if an active trading market does develop, it may not provide sufficient liquidity, and the Shaers may not trade
	at prices advantageous to investors. If an investor wants to sell Shares at a time when no active trading market exists for the
	Shares, the price received for the Shares will likely be lower than the price an investor would receive if an active trading market
	did exist and, accordingly, the investor may experience a loss on the sale of the Shares.






	 





	The
	Shares may trade at a price which is at, above or below the NAV and any discount or premium in the trading price relative to the
	NAV may widen as a result of non-concurrent trading hours.






	 





	The
	Shares may trade on [EXCHANGE] at, above or below the NAV. The NAV will fluctuate with changes in the market value of the Trust’s
	assets. The trading price of the Shares will fluctuate in accordance with changes in the NAV as well as market supply and demand,
	which will be driven in large part by the price of ether. The price difference may be due, in large part, to the fact that supply
	and demand forces at work in the secondary trading market for the Shares are closely related, but not identical, to the same forces
	influencing the market price of ether. Consequently, an Authorized Participant may be able to create or redeem a Basket of Shares
	at a discount or a premium to the public trading price per Share.




	 




	Authorized
	Participants, or their clients or customers, may have an opportunity to realize a riskless profit if they can create a Basket
	at a discount to the public trading price of the Shares or can redeem a Basket at a premium over the public trading price of the
	Shares. The Sponsor expects that the exploitation of such arbitrage opportunities by Authorized Participants and their clients
	and customers will tend to cause the public trading price to track the NAV closely over time. Such arbitrage opportunities will
	not be available to Shareholders who are not Authorized Participants.




	 





	If
	Authorized Participants are able to purchase or sell large amounts of ether in the open market at prices that are different than
	the EtherIndex Price, the arbitrage mechanism intended to keep the price of the Shares closely linked to the EtherIndex Price
	may not function properly and the Shares may trade at a discount or premium to the NAV.






	 











	The
	arbitrage mechanism on which the Trust relies to keep the price of the Shares closely linked to the EtherIndex price may not function
	properly if Authorized Participants are able to purchase or sell large amounts of ether in the open market at prices that are
	materially higher or lower than the EtherIndex Price. Although the EtherIndex Price is designed to accurately capture the market
	price of ether, Authorized Participants may purchase ether for creation units or sell ether from creation unit redemptions on
	public or private markets or from Ether Exchanges not included in the EtherIndex, and such transactions may take place at prices
	materially higher or lower than the EtherIndex Price. Under either such circumstance, the arbitrage mechanism will function to
	link the price of the Shares to the prices at which Authorized Participants are able to purchase or sell large amounts of ether.
	To the extent such prices differ materially from the EtherIndex Price, the price of the Shares may no longer track, whether temporarily
	or over time, the EtherIndex Price, which could adversely impact an investment in the Trust by reducing investors’ confidence
	in the Shares’ ability to track the market price of ether and the EtherIndex Price. If the Trust accepts cash from Authorized
	Participants for creations, or agrees to provide cash to redeeming Authorized Participants, there is no guarantee that the Trust
	will be able to achieve a better than average market price for ether or will purchase ether at the most favorable price available.
	The price of ether achieved by the Trust may be affected generally by a wide variety of complex and difficult to predict factors
	such as ether supply and demand; rewards and transaction fees for the recording of transactions on the blockchain; availability
	and access to virtual currency service providers (such as payment processors), exchanges, miners or other ether users and market
	participants; perceived or actual Ethereum Network or ether security vulnerability; inflation levels; fiscal policy; interest
	rates; and political, natural and economic events.




	 





	If
	the processes of creation and redemption of Baskets encounter any unanticipated difficulties, the opportunities for arbitrage
	transactions intended to keep the price of the Shares closely linked to the EtherIndex Price may not exist and, as a result, the
	price of the Shares may fall.






	 





	If
	the processes of creation and redemption of the Baskets (which depend on timely transfers of ether to and from the custody accounts
	maintained by the Custodian) encounter any unanticipated difficulties, including, but not limited to, the Trust’s inability
	in the future to obtain regulatory approvals for the offer and sale of additional Shares after the present offering is completed,
	potential market participants who would otherwise be willing to purchase or redeem Baskets to take advantage of any arbitrage
	opportunity arising from discrepancies between the price of the Shares and the price of the underlying ether may not take the
	risk that, as a result of those difficulties, they may not be able to realize the profit they expect. If this is the case, the
	liquidity of the Shares may decline and the price of the Shares may fluctuate independently of the EtherIndex Price and may fall.




	 







	 



	15



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	The
	postponement, suspension or rejection of Creation Basket orders or Redemption Basket orders, as permitted in certain circumstances
	under the Trust Servicing Agreement, may adversely affect an investment in the Shares.






	 





	Under
	the Trust Servicing Agreement, the Administrator or Sponsor may postpone, suspend or reject Creation Basket orders or Redemption
	Basket orders, as applicable, for a variety of permitted reasons under certain circumstances. To the extent such orders are postponed,
	suspended or rejected, the arbitrage mechanism resulting from the process through which Authorized Participants create and redeem
	Shares directly with the Trust may fail to closely link the price of the Shares to the value of the underlying ether. If this
	is the case, the liquidity of the Shares may decline and the price of the Shares may fluctuate independently of the market price
	of ether and may fall.




	 





	Ether
	transactions are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred ether may be irretrievable. As a result, any incorrectly executed
	ether transactions by the Trust could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.






	 





	Ether
	transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient
	of the transaction. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the Blockchain, an incorrect
	transfer of ether or a theft of ether generally will not be reversible and the Trust may not be capable of seeking compensation
	for any such transfer or theft. Although the Trust’s transfers of ether will regularly be made to or from the Authorized
	Participants, and to or from the Sponsor Custody Account and the Trust Expense Account (each of which are custodied and administered
	by the Custodian), it is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, the Trust’s
	ether could be transferred from the Trust Custody Account in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties. To the extent
	that the Trust is unable to seek a corrective transaction with such third party or is incapable of identifying the third party
	which has received the Trust’s ether through error or theft, the Trust will be unable to revert or otherwise recover incorrectly
	transferred Trust ether. To the extent that the Trust is unable to seek redress for such error or theft, such loss could adversely
	affect an investment in the Shares.




	 




	The
	DAO, a decentralized autonomous organization created using the “smart contract” feature of the Ethereum Network, recently
	had 3.6 million ether stolen by a hacker due to developer errors.




	 





	The
	Trust’s ether may be subject to loss, damage, theft or restriction on access.






	 





	There
	is a risk that part or all of the Trust’s ether could be lost, stolen or destroyed, potentially by the loss or theft of
	the private keys held by the Custodian associated with the public ether addresses that hold the Trust’s ether. The Sponsor
	believes that the Trust’s ether held in the Trust Custody Account will be an appealing target to hackers or malware distributors
	seeking to destroy, damage or steal the Trust’s ether or private keys. Neither the Custodian nor the Sponsor can guarantee
	that such loss, damage or theft will not occur, whether caused intentionally, accidentally or by act of God. Access to the Trust’s
	ether could also be restricted by natural events (such as an earthquake or flood) or human actions (such as a terrorist attack).
	Any of these events may adversely affect the operations of the Trust and, consequently, an investment in the Shares.




	 





	Shareholders’
	limited rights of legal recourse against the Trust, Trustee, Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider and Custodian
	and the Trust’s lack of insurance protection expose the Trust and the holders of the Shares to the risk of loss of the Trust’s
	ether for which no person is liable.






	 





	The
	Trust will not insure its ether. The Custodian will maintain insurance with regard to its custodial business on such terms and
	conditions as it considers appropriate in connection with its custodial obligations and will be responsible for all costs, fees
	and expenses arising from the insurance policy or policies. The Trust will not be a beneficiary of any such insurance and does
	not have the ability to dictate the existence, nature or amount of coverage. Therefore, holders of the Shares cannot be assured
	that the Custodian will maintain adequate insurance or any insurance with respect to the ether held by the Custodian on behalf
	of the Trust. Furthermore, Shareholders’ recourse against the Trust, Custodian and Sponsor under New York law governing
	their custody operations is limited. Similarly, Shareholders’ recourse against the Administrator and Trust Agency Service
	Provider for the services they provide to the Trust, including those relating to the provision of instructions relating to the
	movement of ether, is limited. Consequently, a loss may be suffered with respect to the Trust’s ether which is not covered
	by insurance and for which no person is liable in damages.




	 









	 



	16



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 




	Ether
	held by the Trust is not subject to FDIC or SIPC protections.






	 





	The
	Trust is not a banking institution or otherwise a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) or
	Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”) and, therefore, deposits held with or assets held by the Trust
	are not subject to the protections enjoyed by depositors with FDIC or SIPC member institutions. The undivided interests in the
	Trust’s ether represented by the Shares in the Trust are not insured.




	 





	Risks
	of Uninsured Losses.






	 





	It
	may not be possible, either because of a lack of available policies or because of prohibitive cost, for the Trust to obtain insurance
	of any type that would cover losses associated with ether. In general, the Trust anticipates that any losses related to its activities
	and operations will be uninsurable, or the cost of insuring against these losses may not be economically justifiable. If an uninsured
	loss occurs or a loss exceeds policy limits, the Trust could lose all of its assets.




	 




	Risks
	Relating to Reliance on Third Party Service Providers.




	 




	Due
	to audit and operational needs, there will be individuals who have information regarding the Trust’s or the Custodian’s
	operations, financials, or security measures. Any of those individuals may purposely or inadvertently leak such information, which
	could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.




	 





	The
	Trust may not have adequate sources of recovery if its ether is lost, stolen or destroyed.






	 





	If
	the Trust’s ether is lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to the Trust, the responsible
	party may not have the financial resources sufficient to satisfy the Trust’s claim. For example, as to a particular event
	of loss, the only source of recovery for the Trust might be limited to the Custodian or, to the extent identifiable, other responsible
	third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage)
	to satisfy a valid claim of the Trust. Furthermore, to our knowledge, at this time, there is no U.S. or foreign governmental,
	regulatory, investigative, or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing
	or stolen ether. Consequently, the Trust may be unable to replace missing ether or seek reimbursement for any erroneous transfer
	or theft of ether. To the extent that the Trust is unable to seek redress for such action, error or theft, such loss could adversely
	affect an investment in the Shares.




	 





	The
	liquidity of the Shares may also be affected by the withdrawal from participation of one or more Authorized Participants.






	 





	In
	the event that one or more Authorized Participants having substantial interests in Shares or otherwise responsible for a significant
	portion of the Shares’ daily trading volume on [EXCHANGE] withdraw from participation, the liquidity of the Shares will
	likely decrease, which could adversely affect the market price of the Shares and adversely affect an investment in the Shares.




	 





	As
	a new fund, there is no guarantee that an active trading market for the Shares will develop. To the extent that no active trading
	market develops on [EXCHANGE] and the assets of the Trust do not reach a viable size, the liquidity of the Shares may be limited
	or the Trust may be terminated at the option of the Sponsor

	.




	 




	As
	a new fund, there can be no assurance that the Trust will grow to or maintain an economically viable size, in which case the Sponsor
	may elect to terminate the Trust, which could result in the liquidation of the Trust’s ether at a time that is disadvantageous
	to an investor in the Shares. Additionally, there is no guarantee that an active trading market will develop and that the Shares
	will be liquid on [EXCHANGE]. A reduction in the liquidity of the Shares on [EXCHANGE] could adversely affect an investment in
	the Shares.




	 







	 



	17



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	The
	lack of a market for the Shares may limit the ability of holders to sell their Shares.






	 





	There
	has been no market for the Shares, and there can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Shares will be developed
	or maintained. If an active trading market for the Shares does not exist or continue to exist, the market prices and liquidity
	of the Shares may be adversely affected.




	 





	The
	Trust may be required to terminate and liquidate at a time that is disadvantageous to the holders of the Shares

	.




	 




	If
	the Trust is required to terminate and liquidate, such termination and liquidation could occur at a time that is disadvantageous
	to Shareholders, such as when the price of ether is lower than it was at the time when Shareholders purchased their Shares. In
	such a case, when the Trust’s ether is sold as part of the Trust’s liquidation, the resulting proceeds distributed
	to Shareholders will be less than if the price of ether were higher at the time of sale. See “Description of the Trust Agreement—Termination
	of the Trust” for more information about the termination of the Trust, including when the termination of the Trust may be
	triggered by events outside the direct control of the Sponsor, the Trustee or Shareholders.




	 





	Holders
	of the Shares will not have the rights enjoyed by investors in certain other vehicles.






	 





	As
	interests in an investment trust, the Shares have none of the statutory rights normally associated with the ownership of shares
	of a corporation (including, for example, the right to bring “oppression” or “derivative” actions). In
	addition, the Shares have limited voting and distribution rights (for example, Shareholders do not have the right to elect directors
	and will not receive dividends). See “Description of the Shares” for a description of the limited rights of Shareholders.




	 





	The
	Administrator is solely responsible for determining the price of ether, and any errors, discontinuance or changes in such valuation
	calculations may have an adverse effect on the value of the Shares.






	 





	The
	Administrator will calculate the NAV using the


	EtherIndex Price on each Business Day. To the extent that such price of
	ether and the resulting NAV is incorrectly calculated, the Administrator will not be liable for any error and such
	misreporting of valuation data could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.




	 





	Extraordinary
	expenses resulting from unanticipated events may become payable by the Trust, adversely affecting an investment in the Shares.






	 





	In
	consideration for the Sponsor’s Fee, the Sponsor has contractually assumed certain operational and periodic expenses of
	the Trust. See “Business of the Trust—Trust Expenses.” Extraordinary expenses of the Trust (e.g., expenses relating
	to litigation) and any other expenses that are not assumed by the Sponsor under the terms of the Trust Agreement are borne by
	the Trust and paid through the sale of the Trust’s ether. Any incurring of extraordinary expenses by the Trust could adversely
	affect an investment in the Shares.




	 





	The
	Trust’s transfer or sale of ether to pay expenses or other operations of the Trust could result in holders of the Shares
	incurring tax liability without an associated distribution from the Trust.






	 





	Each
	delivery, transfer or sale of ether by the Trust to pay the Sponsor’s Fee or other expenses will be a taxable event for
	the holders of the Shares. This or other operations of the Trust could result holders of the Shares incurring tax liability without
	an associated distribution from the Trust. Any tax liability could adversely impact an investment in the Shares and may cause
	holders of the Shares to be required to prepare and file additional tax documents. See “United States Federal Income Tax
	Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Holders.”




	 





	The
	sale of the Trust’s ether to pay expenses not assumed by the Sponsor at a time of low ether prices could adversely affect
	the value of the Shares.






	 





	The
	Administrator will transfer ether held by the Trust to the Trust Expense Account to pay Trust expenses not assumed by the Sponsor
	on an as-needed basis, irrespective of then-current ether prices on the Ether Exchanges. The Trust is not actively managed and
	no attempt will be made to buy or sell ether to protect against or to take advantage of fluctuations in the price of ether. Consequently,
	the Trust’s ether may be sold at a time when the prices of ether on the Ether Exchange Market are low, resulting in a negative
	impact on the value of the Shares.




	 







	 



	18



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	The
	value of the Shares will be adversely affected if the Trust is required to indemnify the Sponsor, the Trustee, the Administrator,
	the Trust Agency Service Provider or the Custodian under the Trust Documents.






	 





	Under
	the Trust Documents, each of the Sponsor, the Trustee, the Administrator, the Trust Agency Service Provider and the Custodian
	has a right to be indemnified by the Trust for any liability or expense it incurs without gross negligence, bad faith or willful
	misconduct on its part. Therefore, the Sponsor, Trustee, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider or Custodian may require
	that the assets of the Trust be sold in order to cover losses or liability suffered by it. Any sale of that kind would reduce
	the net asset value of the Trust and the NAV.




	 





	Intellectual
	property rights claims may adversely affect the Trust and an investment in the Shares.






	 





	The
	Sponsor is not aware of any intellectual property claims that may prevent the Trust from operating and holding ether; however,
	third parties may assert intellectual property claims relating to the operation of the Trust and the mechanics instituted for
	the investment in, holding of and transfer of ether. Regardless of the merit of an intellectual property or other legal action,
	any legal expenses to defend or payments to settle such claims would be extraordinary expenses and be borne by the Trust through
	the sale of the Trust’s ether. Additionally, a meritorious intellectual property claim could prevent the Trust from operating
	and force the Administrator to terminate the Trust and liquidate the Trust’s ether. As a result, an intellectual property
	claim against the Trust could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.





	 






	Risk
	Factors Related to the Regulation of the Trust and the Shares 




	 





	Holders
	of the Shares will not have the protections associated with ownership of shares in an investment company registered under the
	Investment Company Act or the protections afforded by the CEA.






	 





	The
	Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and the Sponsor believes that the Trust is not
	required to register under such act. Consequently, Holders of the Shares will not have the regulatory protections provided to
	investors in investment companies.




	 




	The
	Trust will not hold or trade in commodity futures contracts regulated by the CEA, as administered by the CFTC. Furthermore, the
	Sponsor believes that the Trust is not a commodity pool for purposes of the CEA, and that neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee
	is subject to regulation by the CFTC as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor in connection with the operation
	of the Trust. Consequently, holders of the Shares will not have the regulatory protections provided to investors in CEA-regulated
	instruments or commodity pools.




	 





	Regulatory
	changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment in the Shares or restrict the use of ether or the operation of the Ethereum
	Network in a manner that adversely affects an investment in the Shares

	.




	 




	Until
	recently, little or no regulatory attention has been directed toward Digital Assets by U.S. federal and state governments, foreign
	governments and self-regulatory agencies. As Digital Assets, including bitcoin and ether, have grown in popularity and in market
	size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the CFTC, FinCEN and the Federal Bureau of Investigation)
	have begun to examine the nature of Digital Assets and the markets on which they are traded.




	 




	The
	SEC has not formally asserted regulatory authority over Digital Assets, although it has taken various actions against persons
	or entities misusing bitcoin in connection with fraudulent schemes (i.e., Ponzi scheme), inaccurate and inadequate publicly disseminated
	information, and the offering of unregistered securities. Commissioners of the CFTC have expressed the belief that bitcoin meets
	the definition of a commodity and that the CFTC has regulatory authority over futures and other derivatives based on Digital Assets,
	subject to facts and circumstances. On September 17, 2015, the CFTC instituted and settled an action against Coinflip, a bitcoin
	derivatives trading platform. The Coinflip order found that the respondents (i) conducted activity related to commodity options
	transactions without complying with the provisions of the CEA and CFTC regulations, and (ii) operated a facility for the trading
	of swaps without registering the facility as a SEF or DCM. The Coinflip order was significant as it is the first time the CFTC
	determined that virtual currencies are properly defined as commodities under the CEA. Based on this determination, the CFTC applied
	CEA provisions and CFTC regulations that apply to transactions in commodity options and swaps to the conduct of the bitcoin derivatives
	trading platform. Significantly, the CFTC appears to have taken the position that virtual currencies are not encompassed by the
	definition of currency under the CEA and CFTC regulations. The CFTC defined “virtual currencies” as “a digital
	representation of value that functions as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, and/or a store of value, but does not have
	legal tender status in any jurisdiction. Bitcoin and other virtual currencies are distinct from ‘real’ currencies,
	which are the coin and paper money of the United States or another country that are designated as legal tender, circulate, and
	are customarily used and accepted as a medium of exchange in the country of issuance.” To the extent that ether itself is
	determined to be a security, commodity future or other regulated asset, or to the extent that a US or foreign government or quasi-governmental
	agency exerts regulatory authority over the Ethereum Network or ether trading and ownership, trading or ownership in ether or
	the Shares may be adversely affected.




	 







	 



	19



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	CFTC affirmed its approach to the regulation of Digital Assets and virtual currency-related enterprises on June 2, 2016, when
	the CFTC settled charges against Bitfinex, a Bitcoin Exchange based in Hong Kong. In its Order, the CFTC found that Bitfinex engaged
	in “illegal, off-exchange commodity transactions and failed to register as a futures commission merchant” when it
	facilitated borrowing transactions among its users to permit the trading of bitcoin on a “leveraged, margined or financed
	basis” without first registering with the CFTC. 




	 




	Local
	state regulators such as the NYSDFS have also considered virtual currencies and the regulation thereof. In July 2014, the NYSDFS
	proposed the first US regulatory framework for licensing participants in “virtual currency business activity.” The
	proposed regulations, known as the “BitLicense,” are intended to focus on consumer protection and, after the closure
	of an initial comment period that yielded 3,746 formal public comments and a reproposal, the NYSDFS issued its final “BitLicense”
	regulatory framework in June 2015. The “BitLicense” regulates the conduct of businesses that are involved in “virtual
	currencies” in New York or with New York customers and prohibits any person or entity involved in such activity to conduct
	activities without a license.




	 




	The
	IRS has released guidance treating bitcoin as property that is not currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Taxing authorities
	of a number of U.S. states have also issued their own guidance regarding the tax treatment of bitcoin for state income or sales
	tax purposes.




	 




	On
	June 28, 2014, California repealed a provision of its Corporations Code that prohibited corporations from using alternative forms
	of currency or value. The bill indirectly authorizes bitcoin’s use as an alternative form of money in the state.




	 




	To
	the extent that future regulatory actions or policies limit the ability to exchange ether or utilize ether for payments, the demand
	for ether will be reduced and Authorized Participants may not seek to redeem Baskets in exchange for redemption proceeds in ether.
	Furthermore, regulatory actions may limit the ability of end-users to convert ether into fiat currency (e.g., U.S. Dollars) or
	use ether to pay for goods and services. Such regulatory actions or policies would result in a reduction of the value of ether
	and the price of the Shares.




	 




	Digital
	Assets currently face an uncertain regulatory landscape in not only the United States but also in many foreign jurisdictions such
	as the European Union, China and Russia. While certain governments such as Germany—where the Ministry of Finance has declared
	bitcoin to be “Rechnungseinheiten” (a form of private money that is recognized as a unit of account, but not recognized
	in the same manner as fiat currency)—have issued guidance as to how to treat bitcoin, most regulatory bodies have not yet
	issued official statements regarding intention to regulate or determinations on regulation of Digital Assets. Among those for
	which preliminary guidance has been issued in some form, Canada and Taiwan have labeled bitcoin as a digital or virtual currency,
	distinct from fiat currency, while Sweden and Norway are among those to categorize bitcoin as a form of virtual asset or commodity.
	In China, a recent government notice classified bitcoin as legal and “virtual commodities;” however, the same notice
	restricted the banking and payment industries from using bitcoin, creating uncertainty and limiting the ability of Bitcoin Exchanges
	to operate in the then-second largest bitcoin market. Since December 2013, China, Iceland, Vietnam and Russia have taken a more
	restrictive stance toward bitcoin and, thereby, have reduced the rate of expansion of bitcoin use in each country. In May 2014,
	the Central Bank of Bolivia banned the use of bitcoin as a means of payment. In the summer and fall of 2014, Ecuador announced
	plans for its own state-backed electronic money, while passing legislation that prohibits the use of decentralized Digital Assets
	such as bitcoin. In January 2016, the People’s Bank of China, China’s central bank, disclosed that it has been studying
	a state-backed electronic monetary system and potentially had plans for its own state-backed electronic money. In April 2016,
	it was reported that the Russian Finance Ministry is considering proposing regulations that would prohibit the issuance of all
	Digital Assets or their use in exchange for goods or services in Russia. Conversely, regulatory bodies in some countries such
	as India and Switzerland have declined to exercise regulatory authority when afforded the opportunity. In April 2015, the Japanese
	Cabinet approved proposed legal changes that would reportedly treat bitcoin and other Digital Assets as included in the definition
	of currency. These regulations would, among other things, require market participants, including exchanges, to meet certain compliance
	requirements and be subject to oversight by the Financial Services Agency, a Japanese regulator. These changes were approved by
	the Japanese Diet in May 2016 and are expected to be effective beginning in 2017. Various foreign jurisdictions may, in the near
	future, adopt laws, regulations or directives that affect the Ethereum Network and its users, particularly Ether Exchanges and
	service providers that fall within such jurisdictions’ regulatory scope. Such laws, regulations or directives may conflict
	with those of the United States and may negatively impact the acceptance of ether by users, merchants and service providers outside
	of the United States and may therefore impede the growth of the ether economy.




	 







	 



	20



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	effect of any future change in the regulation of Digital Assets is impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial
	and adverse to the Trust or the value of the Shares.




	 





	It
	may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use ether in one or more countries, and ownership of, holding
	or trading in the Shares may also be considered illegal and subject to sanction.






	 





	Although
	currently ether is not regulated or are lightly regulated in most countries, including the United States, one or more countries
	such as China, Iceland, Vietnam and Russia may take regulatory actions in the future that severely restricts the right to acquire,
	own, hold, sell or use ether or to exchange ether for fiat currency. Such an action may also result in the restriction of ownership,
	holding or trading in the Shares. Such a restriction could result in the termination and liquidation of the Trust at a time that
	is disadvantageous to the holders of Shares, or may adversely affect an investment in the Shares.




	 





	If
	regulatory changes or interpretations of the Trust’s activities require the registration of the Trust as a MSB under the
	regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act or licensing or other registration of the Trust
	as a money transmitter (or equivalent designation) under state law in any state in which the Trust operates, compliance with these
	requirements would result in extraordinary expenses to the Trust or the termination of the Trust.






	 





	To
	the extent that the activities of the Trust cause it to be deemed a MSB under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the
	authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, the Trust may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would
	mandate the Trust to implement anti-money laundering programs, make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records.




	 




	To
	the extent that the activities of the Trust cause it to be deemed a “money transmitter” (or equivalent designation)
	under state law in any state in which the Trust operates, the Trust may be required to seek a license or otherwise register with
	a state regulator and comply with state regulations that may including the implementation of anti-money laundering programs, maintenance
	of certain records and other operational requirements. Currently, the NYSDFS has finalized its “BitLicense” framework
	for businesses that conduct “virtual currency business activity,” the Conference of State Bank Supervisors has proposed
	a model form of state level “virtual currency” regulation and additional state regulators including those from California,
	Idaho, Virginia and Washington have made public statements indicating that virtual currency businesses may be required to seek
	licenses as money transmitters. In numerous other states, including Connecticut, North Carolina, New Hampshire and New Jersey,
	legislation is being proposed or has been introduced regarding the treatment of Digital Assets..




	 




	Such
	additional federal or state regulatory obligations may cause the Trust to incur extraordinary expenses, possibly affecting an
	investment in the Shares in a material and adverse manner. Furthermore, the Trust and its service providers may not be capable
	of complying with certain federal or state regulatory obligations applicable to MSBs and MTs. If the Sponsor is deemed to be subject
	to and determines not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, the Sponsor will act to dissolve
	and liquidate the Trust. Any such termination could result in the liquidation of the Trust’s ether at a time that is disadvantageous
	to a holder of the Shares.




	 





	If
	regulatory changes or interpretations require the regulation of ether under the CEA by the CFTC and/or under the Securities Act
	and Investment Company Act by the SEC, compliance with these requirements would result in extraordinary expenses to the Trust
	or the terminatation of the Trust.





	 




	Current
	and future legislation, CFTC and SEC rulemaking and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory
	authority, may impact the manner in which ether is treated for classification and clearing purposes. As of the date of this Prospectus,
	the Sponsor is not aware of any proposals to regulate ether as commodity futures or securities. The Sponsor and the Trust cannot
	be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of ether under the law.




	 







	 



	21



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	To
	the extent that ether is deemed to fall within the definition of a commodity future pursuant to subsequent rulemaking by the CFTC,
	the Trust and the Sponsor may be required to register and comply with additional regulation under the CEA, including additional
	periodic report and disclosure standards and requirements. Moreover, the Sponsor may be required to register as a commodity pool
	operator and to register the Trust as a commodity pool with the CFTC through the National Futures Association. Such additional
	registrations may result in extraordinary expenses of the Trust, and adversely impact the value of the Shares. If the Sponsor
	determined not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, the Sponsor would dissolve and liquidate
	the Trust. Any such termination could result in the liquidation of the Trust’s ether at a time that is disadvantageous to
	a holder of the Shares.




	 




	To
	the extent that ether is deemed to fall within the definition of a security pursuant to subsequent rulemaking by the SEC, the
	Trust and the Sponsor may be required to register and comply with additional regulation under the Investment Company Act, including
	additional periodic reporting and disclosure standards and requirements and the registration of the Trust as an investment company.
	Moreover, the Sponsor may be required to register as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Such additional
	registrations may result in extraordinary expenses of the Trust, and adversely impact the value of the Shares. If the Sponsor
	determined not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, the Sponsor would dissolve and liquidate
	the Trust. Any such termination could result in the liquidation of the Trust’s ether at a time that is disadvantageous to
	a holder of the Shares.




	 





	If
	federal or state legislatures or agencies initiate or release tax determinations that change the classification of ether as property
	for tax purposes (in the context of when such ether is held as an investment), such determination could have negative tax consequences
	for the Trust or the holders of the Shares.






	 





	Current
	IRS guidance treats and taxes Digital Assets such as ether as property, and treats transactions involving the payment of Digital
	Assets for goods and services as barter transactions. While this treatment creates a potential tax reporting requirement in any
	circumstance where the ownership of ether passes from one person to another, usually by means of ether transactions (including
	off-Blockchain transactions, as defined in “Overview of the Ether Industry and Market—Introduction to Ether and the
	Ethereum Network”), it allows for the possibility of capital gains treatment.




	 




	A
	number of states have issued their own guidance regarding the tax treatment of Digital Assets for state income or sales tax purposes.
	The NYSDTF, for example, has issued guidance regarding the application of state tax law to Digital Assets such as ether. The agency
	determined that New York State would follow IRS guidance with respect to the treatment of Digital Assets such as ether for state
	income tax purposes. Furthermore, the NYSDTF concluded that Digital Assets such as ether are a form of “intangible property,”
	meaning that transactions using ether to purchase goods or services may be subject to state sales tax under barter transaction
	treatment. If a state adopts a different treatment, such treatment may have negative consequences for investors in ether, including
	the potential imposition of a greater tax burden on investors in ether or the potential imposition of greater costs on the acquisition
	and disposition of ether. In either case, such different tax treatment may potentially have a negative effect on prices in the
	Ether Exchange Market and a negative impact on the value of the Shares.




	 




	Foreign
	jurisdictions may also elect to treat Digital Assets such as ether differently for tax purposes than the IRS or the NYSDTF. To
	the extent a foreign jurisdiction with a significant share of the market of ether users imposes onerous tax burdens on ether users,
	or imposes sales or value added tax on purchases and sales of ether for fiat currency, such actions could result in decreased
	demand for ether in such jurisdiction, which could impact the price of ether and negatively impact an investment in the Shares.
	Accounting standards may also change, creating an obligation to accrue for a tax liability that was not previously required to
	be accrued for or in situations where it is not expected that will directly or indirectly be ultimately subject to such tax liability.




	 







	 



	22



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 






	Risk
	Factors Related to Potential Conflicts of Interest 




	 





	Potential
	conflicts of interest may arise among the Sponsor or its affiliates and the Trust. The Sponsor and its affiliates have no fiduciary
	duties to the Trust and its Shareholders, which may permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of the Trust and
	its Shareholders.






	 





	The
	Sponsor will manage the business and affairs of the Trust. Conflicts of interest may arise among the Sponsor and its affiliates

	,

	on the one hand, and the Trust and holders of the Shares, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, the Sponsor may
	favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the Trust and its Shareholders. These potential conflicts include,
	among others, the following:




	 








	●




	The
	Sponsor has no fiduciary duties to, and is allowed to take into account the interests
	of parties other than, the Trust and the holders of the Shares in resolving conflicts
	of interest





	 


	 


	 







	●




	The
	Trust has agreed to indemnify the Sponsor and its affiliates pursuant to the terms of
	the Trust Agreement;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	The
	Trust’s ether is valued using the EtherIndex Price, which will also be used to
	calculate the amount of the Sponsor Fee due to the Sponsor;





	 


	 


	 







	●




	The
	Sponsor, its affiliates and their officers and employees are not prohibited from engaging
	in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition
	with the Trust; and





	 


	 


	 







	●




	The
	Sponsor decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform
	services for the Trust.






	 




	Although
	the Trust has taken steps to mitigate these conflicts of interest, including having the Administrator calculate the Trust’s
	NAV and determine the amount of the Sponsor’s Fee, it may not be possible to entirely eliminate these conflicts of interest.
	By investing in the Shares, investors agree and consent to the provisions set forth in the Trust Agreement. See “Description
	of the Trust Agreement.”




	 




	Holders
	of Shares cannot be assured of the Sponsor’s continued services, the discontinuance of which may be detrimental to the Trust.




	 




	Shareholders
	cannot be assured that the Sponsor will be willing or able to continue to serve as sponsor to the Trust for any length of time.
	If the Sponsor discontinues its activities on behalf of the Trust and a substitute sponsor has not been appointed, the Administrator
	would terminate the Trust and liquidate the ether held by the Trust.




	 




	Appointment
	of a substitute sponsor will not guarantee the Trust’s continued operation, successful or otherwise. Because a substitute
	sponsor may have no experience managing a Digital Asset ETP, a substitute sponsor may not have the experience, knowledge or expertise
	required to ensure that the Trust will operate successfully or to continue to operate at all. Therefore, the appointment of a
	substitute sponsor may not necessarily be beneficial to the Trust or an investment in the Shares and the Administrator may determine
	to terminate the Trust.




	 






	Holders
	of Shares may be adversely affected by the lack of independent advisers representing investors in the Trust.








	 






	The
	Sponsor has consulted with counsel, accountants and other advisers regarding the formation and operation of the Trust. No counsel
	has been appointed to represent an investor in connection with the offering of the Shares. Accordingly, an investor should consult
	his, her, or its own legal, tax and financial advisers regarding the desirability of an investment in the Shares. Lack of such
	consultation may lead to an undesirable investment decision with respect to investment in the Shares.




	 





	Holders
	of Shares have no voting rights.






	 





	Under
	the Trust Agreement, Shareholders have no voting rights and the Trust will not have regular Shareholder meetings. Shareholders
	only vote on such matters and at such times as determined by the Sponsor. Accordingly, Shareholders do not have the right to authorize
	actions, appoint service providers or take other actions as may be taken by shareholders of other trusts or companies where shares
	carry such rights. Shareholders’ lack of voting rights gives all control under the Trust Agreement to the Sponsor and the
	Trustee. The Sponsor may take actions in the operation of the Trust that may be adverse to the interests of Shareholders. The
	Sponsor’s operation of the Trust could adversely affect an investment in the Shares.





	 








	USE
	OF PROCEEDS




	 




	Deposits
	delivered to the Trust in connection with the creation of Baskets, including the Seed Baskets, will consist only of ether. Pursuant
	to the Trust Agreement, during the life of the Trust such delivery of ether will only be (i) held by the Trust, (ii) distributed
	to Authorized Participants in connection with the redemption of Baskets, or (iii) disbursed to pay the Sponsor’s Fee or
	sold as needed to pay the Trust’s expenses not assumed by the Sponsor.




	 











	 



	23



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 







	OVERVIEW
	OF THE ETHER INDUSTRY AND MARKET 






	 






	Introduction
	to Ether and the Ethereum Network





	 




	Ether
	is a Digital Asset that is issued by, and transmitted through, the decentralized, open source protocol of the peer-to-peer Ethereum
	Network. The Ethereum Network is a network of computers all running the Ethereum Network’s blockchain. The blockchain allows
	people to exchange tokens of value, called ether. The Ethereum Network also allows people to write and put on the network smart
	contracts  – general-purpose code that executes on every computer in the network (currently over 6,000 computers).
	Operations are executed automatically on the blockchain and cost ether. The Ethereum Network is one of a number of projects intended
	to expand blockchain use beyond the Bitcoin Network’s peer-to-peer money system.




	 




	The
	Ethereum Network was created by Vitalik Buterin and initially developed by the Ethereum Foundation. A beta version of its live
	blockchain was publicly launched in July 2015, and the production version was launched in March 2016.




	 




	60,000,000
	ether were pre-sold to contributors in a crowd funding transaction in 2014 and 12,000,000 ether were created for the benefit of
	a development fund for the benefit of

	early

	contributors


	and developers and the Ethereum
	Foundation. Ethers are also created for the miners of a block in the blockchain


	.


	Ether
	is also used to pay for transaction fees and computational services on the Ethereum Network; clients of the platform use ether
	to pay for the use of the machines executing the requested operations. It is an incentive designed to ensure that developers write
	quality applications (because wasteful code costs more) and that the network remains healthy (by compensating people for their
	contributed resources).




	 




	The
	Ethereum Network hosts the decentralized public transaction ledger, known as the blockchain, on which all ether is recorded. No
	single entity owns or operates the Ethereum Network, the infrastructure of which is collectively maintained by a decentralized
	user base. Ether can be used to pay for goods and services or can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the U.S. Dollar,
	at rates determined on crypto currency exchanges or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions under a barter system. See
	“Uses of Ether–Ether Exchange Market,” below.




	 




	Ether
	is “stored” or reflected on the digital transaction ledger known as the “blockchain,” which is a digital
	file stored in a decentralized manner on the computers of each Ethereum Network user. The Ethereum Network software source code
	includes the protocols that govern the creation of ether and the cryptographic system that secures and verifies ether transactions.
	The blockchain records every ether, ether balances, and every ether address associated with a quantity of ether. The Ethereum
	Network and its software programs determine the exact ether balance, if any, of any public ether address listed in the blockchain
	as having taken part in a transaction on the Ethereum Network. The Ethereum Network utilizes the blockchain to evidence the existence
	of ether in any public ether address. A private key controls the transfer or “spending” of ether from its associated
	public ether address. An ether wallet is a collection of private keys and their associated public ether addresses.




	 




	The
	blockchain is comprised of a digital file, downloaded and stored, in whole or in part, on all Ethereum Network users’ software
	programs.

	Mining is the act of using a computer to run computations designed to help build the next
	block in the Ethereum blockchain. As a computer solves a complex computational calculation related to the building of a block,
	its owner rewarded with Ether tokens.

	The file includes all blocks that have been solved by miners and is updated to include
	new blocks as they are solved. See “Overview of the Ether Industry and Market—Ether Mining & Creation of
	New Ether.” As each newly solved block refers back to and “connects” with the immediately prior solved block,
	the addition of a new block adds to the blockchain in a manner similar to a new link being added to a chain. Each new block records
	outstanding ether transactions, and outstanding transactions are settled and validated through such recording, the blockchain
	represents a complete, transparent and unbroken history of all transactions of the Ethereum Network. Each ether transaction is
	broadcast to the Ethereum Network and recorded in the blockchain.




	  




	The
	Ethereum Network is decentralized and does not rely on either governmental authorities or financial institutions to create, transmit
	or determine the value of ether. Rather, ether is created and allocated by the Ethereum Network protocol through a “mining”
	process subject to a strict, well-known issuance schedule. The value of ether is determined by the supply of and demand for ether
	in the crypto currency exchange markets or in private end-user-to-end-user transactions.




	 











	 



	24



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Overview
	of the Ethereum Network’s Operations





	 




	In
	order to own, transfer or use ether, a person generally must have internet access to connect to the Ethereum Network. Ether transactions
	may be made directly between end-users without the need for a third-party intermediary. To prevent the possibility of double-spending
	ether, a user must notify the Ethereum Network of the transaction by broadcasting the transaction data to its network peers. The
	Etherium Network provides confirmation against double-spending by memorializing every transaction in the blockchain, which is
	publicly accessible and transparent. This memorialization and verification against double-spending is accomplished through the
	Ethereum Network mining process, which adds “blocks” of data, including recent transaction information, to the blockchain.
	See “Cryptographic Security Used in the Ethereum Network—Double-Spending and the Ethereum Network Confirmation System,”
	below.




	 





	Brief
	Description of Ether Transfers





	 




	Prior
	to engaging in ether transactions, a user generally must first install on its computer or mobile device an Ethereum Network software
	program that will allow the user to generate a private and public key pair associated with a ether address (analogous to an ether
	account). The Ethereum Network software program and the ether address also enable the user to connect to the Ethereum Network
	and engage in the transfer of ether with other users. The computer of a user that downloads a version of the Ethereum Network
	software program will become a “node” on the Etherium Network that assists in validating and relaying transactions
	from other users. Each Ethereum Network address consists of a “public key” and a “private key.” See “Cryptographic
	Security Used in the Ethereum Network—Public and Private Keys,” below.




	 




	In
	an ether transaction, the ether recipient must provide its public address, which serves as a routing number for the recipient
	on the blockchain, to the party initiating the transfer. This activity is analogous to a recipient for a transaction in a fiat
	currency providing a routing address in wire instructions to the payor so that cash may be wired to the recipient’s account.
	The recipient, however, does not make public or provide to the sender its related private key. The payor, or “spending”
	party, does reveal its public key in verifying its transaction to the blockchain.




	 




	Neither
	the recipient nor the sender reveal their public addresses’ private key in a transaction, because the private key authorizes
	access to, and transfer of, the funds in that address to other users. Therefore, if a user loses his private key, the user permanently
	loses access to the ether contained in the associated address. Likewise, ether is irretrievably lost if the private key associated
	with them is deleted and no backup has been made. When sending ether, a user’s Ethereum Network software program must validate
	the transaction with the associated private key. The resulting digitally validated transaction is sent by the user’s Ethereum
	Network software program to the Ethereum Network to allow transaction confirmation. The private key serves as validation that
	the transaction has been authorized by the holder of the Ethereum Network’s public address.




	 





	Summary
	of an Ether Transaction





	 




	In
	an ether transaction between two parties, the following circumstances must be in place: (i) the party seeking to send ether
	must have a Ethereum Network public address, and the Ethereum Network must recognize that public address as having sufficient
	ether for the transaction; (ii) the receiving party must have a Ethereum Network public address; and (iii) the spending
	party must have internet access with which to send its spending transaction.




	 




	Next,
	the receiving party must provide the spending party with its public address and allow the blockchain to record the sending of
	ether to that public address.




	 




	After
	the provision of a recipient’s Ethereum Network public address, the spending party must enter the address into its Ethereum
	Network software program along with the number of ether to be sent. The number of ether to be sent will typically be agreed upon
	between the two parties based on a set number of ether or an agreed upon conversion of the value of fiat currency to ether. Since
	every computation on the Ethereum Network requires the payment of ether, there is a transaction fee involved with the transfer,
	which is based on computation complexity and not on the value of the transfer.




	 




	After
	the entry of the Ethereum Network address, the number of ether to be sent and the transaction fees, if any, to be paid, the
	spending party will transmit the transfer. The transmission of the spending transaction results in the creation of a data
	packet by the spending party’s Ethereum Network software program, which is transmitted onto the decentralized Ethereum
	Network, resulting in the distribution of the information among the software

	programs of users across the Ethereum
	Network for eventual inclusion in the blockchain.



	 











	 



	25



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	As
	discussed in greater detail below in “Overview of the Ether Industry and Market—Ether Mining & Creation of
	New Ether,” Ethereum Network miners record transactions when they solve for and add blocks of information to the blockchain.
	When a miner solves for a block, it creates that block, which includes data relating to (i) the solution to the block, (ii) a
	reference to the prior block in the blockchain to which the new block is being added and (iii) transactions that have occurred
	but have not yet been added to the blockchain. The miner becomes aware of outstanding, unrecorded transactions through the data
	packet transmission and distribution discussed above.




	 




	Upon
	the addition of a block included in the blockchain, the Ethereum Network software program of both the spending party and the receiving
	party will show confirmation of the transaction on the blockchain and reflect an adjustment to the ether balance in each party’s
	Ethereum Network public address, completing the ether transaction.




	 





	Creation
	of New Ether





	 





	Initial
	Creation of Ether





	 




	The
	initial creation of ether was in connection with a crowd funding transaction in 2014 in which 60 million ether were pre sold.
	Another 12 million ether were created to the development fund, most of it going to early contributors and developers and the remaining
	to the Ethereum Foundation. All additional ether has been and will be created through the mining process.




	 





	Mining
	Process





	 




	The
	Ethereum Network is kept running by computers all over the world. In order to reward the computational costs of both processing
	the contracts and securing the network, there is a reward that is given to the computer that was able to create the latest block
	on the chain. Every 12 seconds, on average, a new block is added to the blockchain with the latest transactions processed by the
	network and the computer that generated this block will be awarded 5 ether. Due to the nature of the algorithm for block generation,
	this process (generating a proof of work) is guaranteed to be random and rewards are given in proportion to the computational
	power of each machine.




	 




	The
	process by which ether is “mined” results in new blocks being added to the blockchain and new ether tokens being issued
	to the miners. Computers on the Ethereum Network engage in a set of prescribed complex mathematical calculations in order to add
	a block to the blockchain and thereby confirm ether transactions included in that block’s data. To begin mining, a user
	can download and run Ethereum Network mining software, which, like regular Ethereum Network software programs, turns the user’s
	computer into a “node” on the Ethereum Network that validates blocks. See “Introduction to Ether and the Ethereum
	Network—Overview of the Ethereum Network’s Operations,” above.




	  





	Limits
	on Ether Supply





	 




	According
	to the terms of the 2014 presale, the issuance of ether is capped at 18 million ether per year. However, it is expected that in
	2017 the Ethereum Nework will


	switch from Proof of Work to a new consensus algorithm under development, called Casper,
	that is expected to be more efficient and require less mining subsidy. The exact method of issuance and which function it will
	serve is an area of active research, but it is currently expected that (1) the current maximum is considered a ceiling and the
	new issuance under Casper will not exceed it (and is expected to be much less) and (2) whatever method is ultimately picked to
	issue, it will be a decentralized smart contract that will

	not

	give preferential treatment to any particular group of people
	and whose purpose is to benefit the overall health and security of the network.




	 





	Ether
	Value





	 





	Ether
	Exchange Valuation





	 




	The
	value of ether is determined by the value that various market participants place on ether through their transactions. The most
	common means of determining the value of an ether is by surveying one or more Ether Exchanges where ether is traded publicly and
	transparently (e.g., Poloniex or Kraken).




	 





	Ether
	Exchange Public Market Data





	 




	On
	each online Ether Exchange, ether is traded with publicly disclosed valuations for each executed trade, measured by one or more
	fiat currencies such as the U.S. Dollar or Euro or by the widely used crypto currency bitcoin.




	 









	 



	26



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 




	Forms
	of Attack Against the Ethereum Network





	 





	Exploitation
	of Flaws in the Ethereum Network





	 




	All
	networked systems are vulnerable to various kinds of attacks.


	As
	with any other computer network, the Ethereum Network may contain certain flaws. While there has been no exploitation of any existing
	flaws in the Ethereum Network itself, a decentralized autonomous organization created using the Ethereum Network, The DAO, was
	recently hacked. The DAO was formed as a smart contract using the Ethereum Network for the purpose of making investments based
	on direct voting from investors. It raised over $150 million in ether from the sale of DAO tokens to more than 11,000 members
	in a crowdfunding transaction

	.

	While The DAO was in the process of addressing certain public
	identified vulnerabilities in its system, an unknown hacker

	diverted 3.6 million of the ether The
	DAO raised from the sale of its tokens.





	 




	The
	Ethereum Network itself has not been hacked and is continuously executing many other smart contracts.




	  





	Market
	Participants






	 






	Miners





	 




	Miners
	range from ether enthusiasts to professional mining operations that design and build dedicated machines and data centers, including
	mining pools. See “—Ether Mining & Creation of New ETher” above.




	 





	Investment
	and Speculative Sector





	 




	This
	sector includes the investment and trading activities of both private and professional investors and speculators. Historically,
	larger financial services institutions are publicly reported to have limited involvement in investment and trading in Digital
	Assets.




	 





	Retail
	Sector





	 




	While
	the use of bitcoin to purchase goods and services from commercial or service business is developing, ether has not yet been accepted
	in the same manner, presumably because of its infancy and because ether has a different purpose than bitcoin.




	 





	Service
	Sector





	 




	This
	sector includes companies that provide a variety of services including the buying, selling, payment processing and storing of
	ether. Poloniex, Kraken, and Bitfinex are three (3) of the largest Ether Exchanges by volume traded. Coinbase is a multi-service
	financial institution that provides digital wallets that store ether for users and also serve as a retail gateway whereby users
	can purchase ether for fiat currency. As the Ethereum Network continues to grow in acceptance, it is anticipated that service
	providers will expand the currently available range of services and that additional parties will enter the service sector for
	the Ethereum Network.




	  







	Competition





	 




	Approximately
	seven hundred (700) other Digital Assets have been developed since the inception of bitcoin, currently the most developed Digital
	Asset because of the length of time it has been in existence. While ether has enjoyed success in its limited history, the aggregate
	value of outstanding ether is much smaller than that of bitcoin and may be eclipsed by the more rapid development of other Digital
	Assets.




	 





	Government
	Oversight





	 




	Until
	recently, little or no regulatory attention has been directed toward Digital Assets by U.S. federal and state governments, foreign
	governments and self-regulatory agencies. As Digital Assets, including bitcoin and ether, have grown in popularity and in market
	size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies (e.g., the CFTC, FinCEN and the Federal Bureau of Investigation)
	have begun to examine the nature of Digital Assets and the markets on which they are traded.




	 











	 



	27



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	SEC has not formally asserted regulatory authority over Digital Assets, although it has taken various actions against persons
	or entities misusing bitcoin in connection with fraudulent schemes (i.e., Ponzi scheme), inaccurate and inadequate publicly disseminated
	information, and the offering of unregistered securities. Commissioners of the CFTC have expressed the belief that bitcoin meets
	the definition of a commodity and that the CFTC has regulatory authority over futures and other derivatives based on Digital Assets,
	subject to facts and circumstances. On September 17, 2015, the CFTC instituted and settled an action against Coinflip, a bitcoin
	derivatives trading platform. The Coinflip order found that the respondents (i) conducted activity related to commodity options
	transactions without complying with the provisions of the CEA and CFTC regulations, and (ii) operated a facility for the trading
	of swaps without registering the facility as a SEF or DCM. The Coinflip order was significant as it is the first time the CFTC
	determined that virtual currencies are properly defined as commodities under the CEA. Based on this determination, the CFTC applied
	CEA provisions and CFTC regulations that apply to transactions in commodity options and swaps to the conduct of the bitcoin derivatives
	trading platform. Significantly, the CFTC appears to have taken the position that virtual currencies are not encompassed by the
	definition of currency under the CEA and CFTC regulations. The CFTC defined “virtual currencies” as “a digital
	representation of value that functions as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, and/or a store of value, but does not have
	legal tender status in any jurisdiction. Bitcoin and other virtual currencies are distinct from ‘real’ currencies,
	which are the coin and paper money of the United States or another country that are designated as legal tender, circulate, and
	are customarily used and accepted as a medium of exchange in the country of issuance.” To the extent that ether itself is
	determined to be a security, commodity future or other regulated asset, or to the extent that a US or foreign government or quasi-governmental
	agency exerts regulatory authority over the Ethereum Network or ether trading and ownership, trading or ownership in ether or
	the Shares may be adversely affected.




	 




	The
	CFTC affirmed its approach to the regulation of Digital Assets and virtual currency-related enterprises on June 2, 2016, when
	the CFTC settled charges against Bitfinex, a Bitcoin Exchange based in Hong Kong. In its Order, the CFTC found that Bitfinex engaged
	in “illegal, off-exchange commodity transactions and failed to register as a futures commission merchant” when it
	facilitated borrowing transactions among its users to permit the trading of bitcoin on a “leveraged, margined or financed
	basis” without first registering with the CFTC. 




	 




	Local
	state regulators such as the NYSDFS have also considered virtual currencies and the regulation thereof. In July 2014, the NYSDFS
	proposed the first US regulatory framework for licensing participants in “virtual currency business activity.” The
	proposed regulations, known as the “BitLicense,” are intended to focus on consumer protection and, after the closure
	of an initial comment period that yielded 3,746 formal public comments and a reproposal, the NYSDFS issued its final “BitLicense”
	regulatory framework in June 2015. The “BitLicense” regulates the conduct of businesses that are involved in “virtual
	currencies” in New York or with New York customers and prohibits any person or entity involved in such activity to conduct
	activities without a license.




	 




	The
	IRS has released guidance treating bitcoin as property that is not currency for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Taxing authorities
	of a number of U.S. states have also issued their own guidance regarding the tax treatment of bitcoin for state income or sales
	tax purposes.




	 




	On
	June 28, 2014, California repealed a provision of its Corporations Code that prohibited corporations from using alternative forms
	of currency or value. The bill indirectly authorizes bitcoin’s use as an alternative form of money in the state.




	 




	To
	the extent that future regulatory actions or policies limit the ability to exchange ether or utilize ether for payments, the demand
	for ether will be reduced and Authorized Participants may not seek to redeem Baskets in exchange for redemption proceeds in ether.
	Furthermore, regulatory actions may limit the ability of end-users to convert ether into fiat currency (e.g., U.S. Dollars) or
	use ether to pay for goods and services. Such regulatory actions or policies would result in a reduction of the value of ether
	and the price of the Shares.




	 











	 



	28



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	Digital
	Assets currently face an uncertain regulatory landscape in not only the United States but also in many foreign jurisdictions such
	as the European Union, China and Russia. While certain governments such as Germany—where the Ministry of Finance has declared
	bitcoin to be “Rechnungseinheiten” (a form of private money that is recognized as a unit of account, but not recognized
	in the same manner as fiat currency)—have issued guidance as to how to treat bitcoin, most regulatory bodies have not yet
	issued official statements regarding intention to regulate or determinations on regulation of Digital Assets. Among those for
	which preliminary guidance has been issued in some form, Canada and Taiwan have labeled bitcoin as a digital or virtual currency,
	distinct from fiat currency, while Sweden and Norway are among those to categorize bitcoin as a form of virtual asset or commodity.
	In China, a recent government notice classified bitcoin as legal and “virtual commodities;” however, the same notice
	restricted the banking and payment industries from using bitcoin, creating uncertainty and limiting the ability of Bitcoin Exchanges
	to operate in the then-second largest bitcoin market. Since December 2013, China, Iceland, Vietnam and Russia have taken a more
	restrictive stance toward bitcoin and, thereby, have reduced the rate of expansion of bitcoin use in each country. In May 2014,
	the Central Bank of Bolivia banned the use of bitcoin as a means of payment. In the summer and fall of 2014, Ecuador announced
	plans for its own state-backed electronic money, while passing legislation that prohibits the use of decentralized Digital Assets
	such as bitcoin. In January 2016, the People’s Bank of China, China’s central bank, disclosed that it has been studying
	a state-backed electronic monetary system and potentially had plans for its own state-backed electronic money. In April 2016,
	it was reported that the Russian Finance Ministry is considering proposing regulations that would prohibit the issuance of all
	Digital Assets or their use in exchange for goods or services in Russia. Conversely, regulatory bodies in some countries such
	as India and Switzerland have declined to exercise regulatory authority when afforded the opportunity. In April 2015, the Japanese
	Cabinet approved proposed legal changes that would reportedly treat bitcoin and other Digital Assets as included in the definition
	of currency. These regulations would, among other things, require market participants, including exchanges, to meet certain compliance
	requirements and be subject to oversight by the Financial Services Agency, a Japanese regulator. These changes were approved by
	the Japanese Diet in May 2016 and are expected to be effective beginning in 2017. Various foreign jurisdictions may, in the near
	future, adopt laws, regulations or directives that affect the Ethereum Network and its users, particularly Ether Exchanges and
	service providers that fall within such jurisdictions’ regulatory scope. Such laws, regulations or directives may conflict
	with those of the United States and may negatively impact the acceptance of ether by users, merchants and service providers outside
	of the United States and may therefore impede the growth of the ether economy.




	 





	Not
	a Regulated Commodity Pool





	 




	The
	Trust will not trade, buy, sell or hold ether derivatives, including ether futures contracts, on any futures exchange. The Trust
	is authorized solely to take immediate delivery of actual ether. The Sponsor does not believe the Trust’s activities are
	required to be regulated by the CFTC under the CEA as a “commodity pool” under current law, regulation and interpretation.
	The Trust will not be operated by a CFTC-regulated commodity pool operator because it will not trade, buy, sell or hold ether
	derivatives, including ether futures contracts, on any futures exchange. Investors in the Trust will not receive the regulatory
	protections afforded to investors in regulated commodity pools, nor may the COMEX division of the New York Mercantile Exchange
	or any futures exchange enforce its rules with respect to the Trust’s activities. In addition, investors in the Trust will
	not benefit from the protections afforded to investors in ether futures contracts on regulated futures exchanges.






	 









	BUSINESS
	OF THE TRUST 






	 





	The
	activities of the Trust will be limited to (i) issuing Baskets in exchange for the actual ether deposited by the Authorized Participants
	with the Custodian as consideration, (ii) transferring actual ether as necessary to cover the Sponsor’s Fee and as necessary
	to pay Trust expenses not assumed by the Sponsor and other liabilities, (ii) transferring actual ether in exchange for Baskets
	surrendered for redemption by the Authorized Participants, (iv) causing the Administrator to sell ether on the termination of
	the Trust, and (v) engaging in all administrative and custodial procedures necessary to accomplish such activities in accordance
	with the provisions of the Trust Agreement, the Trust Servicing Agreement, the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement, the Trust
	Custody Agreement, the License Agreement and Authorized Participant Agreements. The Trust will not be actively managed. It will
	not engage in any activities designed to obtain a profit from, or to ameliorate losses caused by, changes in the market prices
	of ether.




	 





	Trust
	Objective






	 





	The
	investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to track the price of ether as measured at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time using
	the EtherIndex Price on each Business Day, less the Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees
	and expenses). The Shares are designed for investors seeking a cost-effective and convenient means of gaining investment
	exposure to ether similar to a direct investment in ether. A substantial direct investment in ether may require expensive and
	sometimes complicated arrangements in connection with the acquisition, security and safekeeping of ether and may involve the
	payment of substantial fees to acquire such ether from third-party facilitators through cash payments of U.S. Dollars.
	Although the Shares will not be the exact equivalent of a direct investment in ether, they provide investors with an
	alternative that allows them to gain investment exposure to ether.




	 





	Strategy
	Behind the Shares





	 




	The
	Shares are intended to offer investors an opportunity to participate in ether markets through an investment in securities. On
	the first day of trading, each Share in the Seed Baskets will have a value equivalent to [●] ether. The logistics of accepting,
	transferring and safekeeping of actual ether are dealt with by the Custodian, and the related expenses are built into the price
	of the Shares. Therefore, the investor does not have any additional tasks or costs over and above those associated with dealing
	in any other publicly traded security.




	 









	 



	29



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 



	The
	Shares are intended to provide investors with a cost-efficient and convenient means of gaining investment exposure to ether similar
	to a direct investment in ether. The Shares offer an investment that is:




	 






	 



	●




	Easily
	Accessible and Relatively Cost Efficient

	. Investors in the Shares can also directly access ether through the Ether Exchange
	Market. The Sponsor believes that investors will be able to more effectively implement strategic and tactical asset allocation
	strategies that use ether by using the Shares instead of directly purchasing and holding ether, and for many investors, transaction
	costs related to the Shares will be lower than those associated with the direct purchase, storage and safekeeping of ether.






	 






	 



	●




	Exchange-Traded
	and Transparent

	. The Shares will be listed and trade on [EXCHANGE], providing investors with an efficient means to implement
	various investment strategies. Upon effectiveness of the registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part, the Shares
	will be eligible for margin accounts and will be backed by the assets of the Trust. The Trust will not hold or employ any
	derivative securities. The value of the Trust’s holdings will be reported each day on www.[ ● ].com, the Trust’s
	website.





	 




	Secondary
	Market Trading






	 





	While
	the Trust’s investment objective is for the Shares to track the price of ether as measured at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time
	using the EtherIndex Price on each Business Day, the Shares may trade in the secondary market on [EXCHANGE] at prices that
	are lower or higher relative to the NAV. The amount of the discount or premium in the trading price relative to the NAV may
	be influenced by non-concurrent trading hours and liquidity between [EXCHANGE] and larger Ether Exchanges in the Ether
	Exchange Market. While the Shares will be listed and trade on [EXCHANGE] from 9:30 a.m. until 4:00 p.m. Eastern time,
	liquidity in the global ether markets may fluctuate depending upon the volume and availability of larger Ether Exchanges. As
	a result, during periods in which Ether Exchange Market liquidity is limited or a major Ether Exchange is off-line, trading
	spreads, and the resulting premium or discount, on the Shares may widen.




	 





	Trust
	Expenses





	 




	The
	Trust’s only ordinary recurring expense is expected to be equal to the Sponsor’s Fee. In exchange for the Sponsor’s
	Fee, the Sponsor has agreed to assume the following administrative and marketing expenses incurred by the Trust: the Trustee’s
	monthly fee and reimbursable expenses (including indemnification amounts) under the Trust Agreement, the Administrator’s
	monthly fees and reimbursable expenses under the Trust Servicing Agreement, the Trust Agency Service Provider’s monthly
	fees and reimbursable expenses under the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement, the Custodian’s monthly fees and reimbursable
	expenses under the Trust Custody Agreement, Exchange listing fees, SEC registration fees, printing and mailing costs, costs associated
	with maintaining the Trust’s website, audit fees, up to $[●] per annum in marketing expenses and up to $[●]
	per annum in legal expenses. Any such amounts in excess of $[●] per annum will be borne by the Trust as extraordinary expenses.
	The Sponsor will also pay the costs of the Trust’s organization and the initial sale of the Shares, including the applicable
	SEC registration fees.




	 




	The
	Sponsor’s Fee will accrue daily in ether at an annualized rate equal to [●] percent of the ether held by the Trust
	and will be payable monthly in arrears. The Sponsor, from time to time, may temporarily waive all or a portion of the Sponsor’s
	Fee at its discretion for a stated period of time. Presently, the Sponsor does not intend to waive any of its fees.




	 




	The
	Sponsor’s Fee shall be calculated by the Administrator and paid by transfer of ether from the Trust Custody Account to the
	Sponsor Custody Account monthly on the first business day of each month, or as soon as practicable thereafter.




	 




	Upon
	the receipt of written instructions from the Administrator, the Custodian will transfer ether from the Trust Custody Account to
	the Trust Expense Account to permit the payment of Trust Expenses not assumed by the Sponsor. The Administrator will, when directed
	by the Sponsor, and, in the absence of such direction, may, in its own discretion, instruct the Custodian to the transfer the
	ether needed to pay extraordinary expenses to the Trust Expense Account. Once such ether is in the Trust Expense Account, the
	Administrator may sell, or cause to be sold, such number of ether at such times as may be necessary to permit payment in cash
	of Trust expenses not assumed by the Sponsor. The Custodian will transfer ether from the Trust Custody Account to the Trust Expense
	Account at such times and in the smallest amounts required to permit such payments as they become due. Accordingly, the number
	of ether to be transferred out of the Trust Custody Account will vary from time to time depending on the level of the Trust’s
	expenses and the EtherIndex Price.




	 











	 



	30



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	If
	the Administrator sells, or causes to be sold, ether in the Trust Expense Account, any cash received by the Administrator pending
	payment of the Trust’s expenses will not bear any interest. To the extent the Administrator transfers to the Trust Expense
	Account ether in excess of the amount needed to pay the Trust’s extraordinary expenses, the Administrator will promptly
	return such remaining ether by transfer to the Trust Custody Account. Each delivery, transfer or sale of ether by the Trust to
	pay the Sponsor’s Fee or other Trust expenses will be a taxable event for Shareholders. See “United States Federal
	Income Tax Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Shareholders.”




	 





	Extraordinary
	Expenses of the Trust





	 




	The
	following expenses are paid out of the assets of the Trust:




	 






	 




	●




	any
	expenses of the Trust (including the Sponsor’s Fee) that are not assumed by the Sponsor;






	 






	 




	●




	any
	taxes and other governmental charges that may fall on the Trust or its property;






	 






	 




	●




	any
	expenses of any extraordinary services performed by the Sponsor or the Trustee on behalf of the Trust or expense of any action
	taken by the Sponsor or the Trustee to protect the Trust and the rights and interests of holders of the Shares; and






	 






	 




	●




	any
	indemnification of the Sponsor, Administrator or other agents, service providers or counterparties of the Trust.





	 



	The
	Administrator, at the direction of the Sponsor, may liquidate the Trust’s property from time to time as necessary to permit
	payment of the fees and expenses that the Trust is required to pay.




	 





	Impact
	of Trust Expenses on the Trust’s Net Asset Value





	 




	The
	Trust will transfer ether to the Sponsor Custody Account in payment of the Sponsor’s Fee and transfer ether to the Trust
	Expense Account and sell ether to raise the funds needed for the payment of all Trust expenses not assumed by the Sponsor. The
	purchase price received as consideration for such sales will be the Trust’s sole source of funds to cover its liabilities.
	The Trust will not engage in any activity designed to derive a profit from changes in the prices of ether. All ether not needed
	to redeem Baskets, or to cover the Sponsor’s Fee and Trust expenses not assumed by the Sponsor, will be held by the Custodian
	in the Trust Custody Account. As a result of the recurring transfers of ether to pay the Sponsor’s Fee and the Trust expenses
	not assumed by the Sponsor, the NAV and, correspondingly, the ether represented by each Share, will decrease over the life of
	the Trust. New deposits of ether into the Trust Custody Account, received in exchange for additional new Baskets issued by the
	Trust, will not reverse this trend.




	 





	Hypothetical
	Expense Example





	 




	The
	following table, prepared by the Sponsor, illustrates the anticipated impact of the transfers of ether out of the Trust Custody
	Account discussed above on the fractional number of ether represented by each outstanding Share for three (3) years. It assumes
	that the only transfers of ether will be those needed to pay the Sponsor’s Fee and that the price of ether and the number
	of the Shares remain constant during the three-year period covered. The table does not show the impact of any expenses not assumed
	by the Sponsor that the Trust may incur. Any such extraordinary expenses, if and when incurred, will accelerate the decrease in
	the fractional number of ether represented by each Share. In addition, the table does not show the effect of any waivers of the
	Sponsor’s Fee that may be in effect from time to time.




	 












	 




	 




	Year




	 






	 




	 




	1




	 




	 




	2




	 




	 




	3




	 






	Hypothetical
	price per ether




	 




	$




	100.00




	 




	 




	$




	100.00




	 




	 




	$




	100.00




	 






	Sponsor’s
	Fee




	 




	 




	0.[]




	%




	 




	 




	0.[]




	%




	 




	 




	0.[]




	%






	Shares
	of Trust, beginning




	 




	 




	[],000.00






	 




	 




	[],000.00






	 




	 




	[],000.00








	Ether
	in Trust, beginning




	 




	 




	[].00






	 




	 




	  [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	 




	 [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 






	Hypothetical
	value of ether in Trust




	 




	$




	[],000,000.00






	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 






	Beginning
	net asset value of the Trust




	 




	$




	 
	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 






	Sponsor’s
	Fee




	 




	 




	  [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	 




	  [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	 




	 [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 






	Ether
	in Trust, ending




	 




	 




	  [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	 




	  [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	 




	 [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 






	Ether
	to be delivered to cover the Sponsor’s Fee




	 




	 




	  [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	 




	  [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	 




	 [

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 






	Ending
	net asset value of the Trust




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 






	Ending
	NAV




	 




	$




	 
	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 




	 




	$




	[

	 

	].[

	 

	]




	 







	  









	 



	31



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 







	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE TRUST 






	 





	The
	Trust is a Delaware Statutory Trust formed on [_], 2016, by the filing of the Certificate of Trust with the Delaware Secretary
	of State in accordance with the provisions of the DSTA, and operates pursuant to the Trust Agreement and through the related documents
	authorized by the Trust Agreement, including the Trust Servicing Agreement, the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement, and the
	Trust Custody Agreement.




	 




	The
	Trust holds only ether and is expected to issue and redeem Shares from time to time only in one or more whole Baskets. The Trust
	will issue and redeem the Shares in Baskets only to certain Authorized Participants on an ongoing basis as described in the “Plan
	of Distribution” section below. On a creation, Baskets will be distributed to the Authorized Participants by the Trust in
	exchange for the delivery to the Trust of the appropriate number of ether (i.e., ether equal in value to the value of the Shares
	being purchased). On a redemption, the Trust will distribute ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being redeemed to
	the redeeming Authorized Participant in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of one or more Baskets. On each Business Day, the
	value of each Basket accepted by the Administrator in a creation or redemption transaction will be the same (i.e., each Basket
	will consist of [●] Shares and the value of the Basket will be equal to the value of [●] Shares at their net asset
	value per Share on that day). The Trust will not issue or redeem fractions of a Basket. The investment objective of the Trust
	is for the Shares to track the price of ether, as measured at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time using the EtherIndex Price on each Business
	Day, less the Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses). The Sponsor believes that, for many
	investors, the Shares will represent a cost-effective and convenient means of gaining investment exposure to ether similar to
	a direct investment in ether. The material terms of each of the Trust Documents are discussed under “Description of the
	Trust Documents—Description of the Trust Agreement,” “Description of the Trust Documents—Description of
	the Trust Servicing Agreement,” “Description of the Trust Documents—Description of the Trust Agency Service
	Provider Agreement” and “Description of the Trust Documents—Description of the Trust Custody Agreement,”
	below.




	 




	The
	Shares represent units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust. The Trust is passive and not
	managed like a corporation or an active investment vehicle. The ether held by the Custodian on behalf of the Trust will only be
	transferred out of the Trust Custody Account in the following circumstances: (i) transferred to pay the Sponsor’s Fee, (ii)
	distributed to Authorized Participants in connection with the redemption of Baskets, (iii) transferred to the Trust Expense Account
	to be sold on an as-needed basis to pay Trust expenses not assumed by the Sponsor, or (iv) sold on behalf of the Trust in the
	event the Trust terminates and liquidates its assets or as otherwise required by law or regulation. Each transfer, delivery or
	sale of ether by the Trust to pay fees and expenses is a taxable event for Shareholders. See “United States Federal Income
	Tax Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Shareholders.”




	 




	The
	Trust is not registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and the Sponsor believes that the Trust is not
	required to register under such act. The Trust will not hold or trade in commodity futures contracts or other derivative contracts
	regulated by the CEA, as administered by the CFTC. The Sponsor believes that the Trust is not a commodity pool for purposes of
	the CEA, and that neither the Sponsor nor the Trustee is subject to regulation as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading
	adviser in connection with the operation of the Trust.




	 




	The
	Trust is expected to issue or redeem Shares from time to time only in one or more whole Baskets. The Trust will issue and redeem
	the Shares in Baskets only to certain Authorized Participants on an ongoing basis as described in the “Plan of Distribution”
	section below. On a creation, Baskets will be distributed to the Authorized Participants by the Trust in exchange for the delivery
	to the Trust of the appropriate number of ether (i.e., ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being purchased). On a
	redemption, the Trust will distribute ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being redeemed to the redeeming Authorized
	Participant in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of one or more Baskets. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted
	by the Administrator in a creation or redemption transaction will be the same (i.e., each Basket will consist of [_] Shares and
	the value of the Basket will be equal to the value of [_] Shares at their net asset value per Share on that day). The Trust will
	not issue or redeem fractions of a Basket. Only Authorized Participants will be able to create or redeem Baskets. On the first
	day of trading, each Share in the Seed Baskets will be comprised of [_] ether, and each Seed Basket will be made up of [_] ether.
	Baskets may be created or redeemed only by Authorized Participants, who may be required to pay a Transaction Fee to the Trust
	Agency Service Provider for each order to create or redeem Baskets. Authorized Participants may sell to other investors all or
	part of the Shares included in the Baskets they purchase from the Trust. See “Plan of Distribution.”




	 











	 



	32



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	NAV of the Trust is the asset value of the Trust less its liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses) divided
	by the number of outstanding Shares as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern time each Business Day. The Administrator will calculate the NAV using
	the EtherIndex Price. In the event that the Sponsor determines that the EtherIndex Price is not an appropriate basis for evaluation
	of the Trust’s ether, the Sponsor will instruct the Administrator the Sponsor will instruct the Administrator to use the
	spot price of ether on the Poloniex exchange as an alternative basis for calculating the Trust’s NAV.




	 




	The
	Trust’s assets will consist solely of ether. Each Share will represent a proportional interest, based on the total number
	of Shares outstanding, in the ether held by the Trust, less the Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees
	and expenses). The Sponsor expects that the secondary market trading price of the Shares will fluctuate over time in response
	to the market prices of ether and the Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses).




	 




	Investors
	may obtain ether pricing information twenty-four (24) hours a day from various financial information sites such as worldcoinindex.com,
	coinmarketcap.com or ethereumwisdom.com. Current ether market prices are also generally available with bid/ask spreads directly
	from Ether Exchanges. Market prices for the Shares will be available from a variety of sources including brokerage firms, information
	websites and other information service providers. Each Business Day, the Sponsor will publish the Trust’s NAV on the Trust’s
	website as soon as practicable after their calculation by the Administrator.




	 




	The
	Trust has no fixed termination date.




	 







	THE
	SPONSOR





	 




	The
	Sponsor is a Delaware limited liability company and was formed on June 15, 2016. The Sponsor’s mailing address is 232 8

	th

	Avenue, Unit 4, New York, NY 10011.




	 





	The
	Sponsor’s Role





	 




	The
	Sponsor arranged for the creation of the Trust, the registration of the Shares for their public offering in the United States
	and the listing of the Shares on [EXCHANGE]. The Sponsor has agreed to assume the following administrative and marketing expenses
	incurred by the Trust: (i) the Trustee’s monthly fee and expenses reimbursable (including indemnification amounts) under
	the Trust Agreement, (ii) the Administrator’s monthly fee and expenses reimbursable under the Trust Servicing Agreement,
	(iii) the Trust Agency Service Provider’s monthly fee and expenses under the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement, (iv)
	the Custodian’s monthly fee and expenses reimbursable under the Trust Custody Agreement, (v) Exchange listing fees, (vi)
	SEC registration fees, (vii) printing and mailing costs, (viii) the costs associated with maintaining the Trust’s website,
	(ix) audit fees, (x) up to $[●] per annum in marketing expenses and (xi) up to $[●] per annum in legal expenses. Any
	such amounts in excess of $[●] per annum will be borne by the Trust as extraordinary expenses. The Sponsor will also pay
	the costs of the Trust’s organization and the initial sale of the Shares, including the applicable SEC registration fees.




	 




	While
	the Sponsor will not exercise day-to-day oversight over the Trust, the Sponsor will engage the Administrator and the Custodian
	to assist in in implementing the creation and redemption process for the Trust. The Sponsor may remove the Trustee and appoint
	a successor trustee (i) if the Trustee ceases to meet certain objective requirements (including the requirement that it have capital,
	surplus and undivided profits of at least $[●]), (ii) if, having received written notice of a material breach of its obligations
	under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee has not cured the breach within thirty (30) days, or (iii) if the Trustee refuses to consent
	to the implementation of an amendment to the Trust’s initial Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. The Sponsor also
	has the right to replace the Trustee during the ninety (90) days following any merger, consolidation or conversion in which the
	Trustee is not the surviving entity or, in its discretion, on the [●] anniversary of the creation of the Trust or on any
	subsequent [●] anniversary thereafter. The Sponsor also has the right to approve any new or additional custodian that the
	Administrator or Custodian may wish to appoint.




	 











	 



	33



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	Sponsor will not exercise day-to-day oversight of the Administrator, the Trust Agency Service Provider or the Custodian. The Sponsor
	may remove the Administrator and/or the Trust Agency Service Provider and/or the Custodian and appoint a successor administrator
	and/or agency service provider and/or custodian if, having received notice of a material breach of its obligations under the Trust
	Servicing Agreement and/or the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement and/or the Trust Custody Agreement, respectively, if the
	Administrator and/or the Trust Agency Service Provider and /or the Custodian has not cured the breach within thirty (30) days.
	The Sponsor also has the right to replace the Administrator and/or the Custodian during the ninety (90) days following any merger,
	consolidation or conversion in which the Administrator and/or the Trust Agency Service Provider and/or the Custodian is not the
	surviving entity, or, in its discretion, on the [●] anniversary of the creation of the Trust or on any subsequent [●]
	anniversary thereafter.




	 




	The
	Sponsor or one of its affiliates or agents will (i) develop a marketing plan for the Trust on an ongoing basis, (ii) prepare marketing
	materials regarding the Shares, including the content of the Trust’s website and (iii) execute the marketing plan for the
	Trust. The Sponsor has agreed to assume up to $[●] per annum in marketing expenses on behalf of the Trust.





	 







	Management
	of the Sponsor





	 




	Under
	the Trust Agreement, all management functions of the Trust have been delegated to and are conducted by the Sponsor, its agents,
	and its affiliates, including without limitation, the Custodian, and its agents. In their capacities as officers of the Sponsor,
	the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Sponsor may take certain actions and execute certain agreements
	and certifications for the Sponsor in its capacity as Sponsor of the Trust. The following is biographical information for the
	principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Sponsor.




	 







	Gregory
	DiPrisco, Chief Executive Officer.

	Gregory DiPrisco, 26, has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Sponsor since its inception
	in 2016. Mr. DiPrisco has five years of experience as a Futures Trader with Axiom Markets LLC. Axiom Markets LLC provides 

	liquidity
	in all futures and commodities markets. Mr. DiPrisco has a passion for markets and economics, a

	nd is p

	articularly
	enthusiastic regarding Ethereum and blockchain technology in general. Mr. DiPrisco has been involved with cryptocurrencies
	such as Bitcoin and Ether through direct investment since 2012. Mr. DiPrisco graduated from Villanova University in 2011 with
	a Bachelor of Science in Economics.






	 






	Joseph
	Quintilian, Chief Financial Officer

	. Joseph Quintilian, 35, has served as Chief Financial Officer of the Sponsor since
	its inception in 2016. Mr. Quintilian is a partner at Axiom Markets LLC, a firm he co-founded in 2005 with Vincent Viola and Neil
	Citrone, where he operates as a Futures Trader. Axiom Markets LLC provides liquidity in all futures and commodities markets. Mr.
	Quintilian currently sits on the boards of Concord 51 and AWOCCF. Mr. Quintilian has previously sat on the boards of the Bucknell
	Alumni Association and the Newmark School Fundraising board. Mr. Quintilian graduated from Bucknell University in 2003 with a Bachelor
	of Science in Business Administration, concentrating in Management.




	 







	THE
	TRUSTEE





	 




	[●],
	a Delaware trust company, serves as Delaware trustee of the Trust under the Trust Agreement. The Trustee has its principal office
	at [●] The Trustee is subject to supervision by the [●]. A copy of the Trust Agreement is available for inspection
	at the Trustee’s principal office identified above. Under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee is required to maintain capital,
	surplus and undivided profits of $[●].




	 





	The
	Trustee’s Role





	 




	The
	Trustee is appointed to serve as the trustee of the Trust in the State of Delaware for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirement
	of Section 3807(a) of the DSTA that the Trust have at least one (1) trustee with a principal place of business in the State of
	Delaware. The duties of the Trustee will be limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Trust in the State of Delaware
	and (ii) the execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee
	is required to execute under the DSTA. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Trustee has duties (including fiduciary duties)
	and liabilities relating thereto to the Trust or Shareholders, such duties and liabilities will be replaced by the duties and
	liabilities of the Trustee expressly set forth in the Trust Agreement. The Trustee will have no obligation to supervise, nor will
	it be liable for, the acts or omissions of the Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider, Custodian or any other entity
	or person.




	 




	Neither
	the Trustee, either in its capacity as trustee on in its individual capacity, nor any director, officer or controlling person
	of the Trustee is, or has any liability as, the issuer, director, officer or controlling person of the issuer of the Shares. The
	Trustee’s liability in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares is limited solely to the express obligations
	of the Trustee as set forth in the Trust Agreement.




	 




	The
	Trustee is permitted to resign upon at least ninety (90) days’ notice to the Trust, provided that any such resignation will
	not be effective until a successor trustee is appointed by the Sponsor. The Trustee will be compensated by the Sponsor and indemnified
	by the Sponsor and the Trust against any expenses it incurs relating to or arising out of the formation, operation or termination
	of the Trust, or the performance of its duties pursuant to the Trust Agreement except to the extent that such expenses result
	from gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Trustee. The Sponsor has the discretion to replace the Trustee.




	 




	The
	Trustee’s fees and expenses under the Trust Agreement will be paid by the Sponsor.




	 











	 



	34



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 







	THE
	ADMINISTRATOR





	 




	[●],
	a [●], is authorized to serve as the Administrator of the Trust under the Trust Agreement and pursuant to the terms and
	provisions of the Trust Servicing Agreement. The Administrator has its principal office at [●]. A copy of the Trust Servicing
	Agreement is available for inspection at the Administrator’s principal office identified above.




	 





	The
	Administrator’s Role





	 




	The
	Administrator serves the Trust pursuant to appointment by the Sponsor and is generally responsible for the day-to-day administration
	of the Trust, including keeping the Trust’s operational records pursuant to the Trust Servicing Agreement between the Administrator
	and Sponsor on behalf of the Trust. The Administrator’s principal responsibilities in its role as administrator of the Trust
	include (i) instructing the Custodian to deposit ether into, or transfer ether out of, the Authorized Participant Custody Accounts
	and the Trust Custody Account to facilitate the creation or redemption of Baskets, (ii) instructing the Custodian to transfer
	to the Sponsor Custody Account the Trust’s ether as needed to pay the Sponsor’s Fee (such distributions of ether are
	expected to occur approximately monthly in the ordinary course), (iii) calculating the Trust’s net asset value and NAV,
	(iv) assisting the Sponsor in receiving and processing orders from Authorized Participants to create and redeem Baskets and coordinating
	the processing of such orders with the Custodian, the Trust Agency Service Provider and DTC, (v) transferring to the Trust Expense
	Account and selling, or causing to be sold, the Trust’s ether as needed to pay any Trust expenses that are not assumed by
	the Sponsor, (vi) receiving and reviewing reports on the Custodian’s custody of and transactions in the Trust’s ether
	and (vii) undertaking all other administrative actions as necessary to accomplish such purposes.




	 




	The
	Administrator intends to regularly communicate with the Sponsor to monitor the overall performance of the Trust, and with the
	Custodian by reviewing the reports provided by the Custodian pursuant to the Trust Agreement. The Administrator, along with the
	Sponsor, will liaise with the Trust’s legal, accounting and other professional service providers as needed. The Administrator
	will coordinate with the Trust Agency Service Provider in its role as transfer agent for the Trust, and will assist and support
	the Sponsor with the preparation of all periodic reports and other documents required to be filed with the SEC on behalf of the
	Custodian.




	 




	The
	Administrator also serves as the Trust Agency Service Provider. The Administrator’s fees and expenses under the Trust Servicing
	Agreement are paid by Sponsor.




	 







	THE
	TRUST AGENCY SERVICE PROVIDER





	 




	[●],
	a [●], is authorized to serve as the Trust Agency Service Provider of the Trust under the Trust Agreement and pursuant to
	the terms and provisions of the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement. The Trust Agency Service Provider has its principal office
	at [●]. A copy of the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement is available for inspection at the Administrator’s principal
	office identified above.




	 





	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider’s Role






	 





	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider serves as the transfer agent for the Trust pursuant to appointment by the Sponsor and the terms
	of the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement. The Trust Agency Service Provider, among other things, provides transfer agent
	services with respect to the creation and redemption of Baskets by Authorized Participants, the issuance and redemption of Shares,
	the payment, if any, of distributions with respect to the Shares, the recording of the issuance of the Shares and the maintaining
	of certain records therewith.




	 




	The
	Administrator serves as the Trust Agency Service Provider. The fees and expenses of the Trust Agency Service Provider under the
	Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement are paid by the Sponsor.




	 









	 



	35



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 






	THE
	CUSTODIAN





	 




	[●],
	is a [●].




	 





	The
	Custodian’s Role





	 




	Under
	the Trust Custody Agreement, the Custodian is responsible for the safekeeping of the private keys that control the Trust’s
	ether


	and will facilitate the transfer of ether into and out of the Trust. See “Custody of the Trust’s Ether.”




	 




	The
	Custodian shall, with respect to custodial instructions, act in accordance with the instructions of the Administrator. If the
	Custodian resigns in its capacity as custodian of the Trust’s ether, the Sponsor shall appoint an additional or replacement
	custodian and enter into a custody agreement on behalf of the Trust with such custodian.




	 




	The
	Custodian’s fees and expenses under the Trust Custody will be paid by the Sponsor.




	 




	The
	Custodian and its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell ether or the Shares for their own accounts and as agent for
	their customers.




	 







	AUTHORIZED
	PARTICIPANTS





	 




	An
	Authorized Participant is authorized to serve as such under the Trust Agreement and pursuant to the terms and provisions of an
	Authorized Participant Agreement which it must enter into with the Sponsor and the Administrator, and is subject to acceptance
	by the Trust Agency Service Provider. Each Authorized Participant must be (i) a registered broker-dealer or other securities market
	participant such as a bank or other financial institution which is not required to register as a broker-dealer to engage in securities
	transactions and (ii) a participant in the DTC in order to enter into an Authorized Participant Agreement.




	 





	The
	Authorized Participant’s’ Role





	 




	Only
	Authorized Participants may place orders to create or redeem one or more Baskets. Authorized Participant Agreements set forth
	the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets. A list of the current Authorized Participants can be obtained from
	the Sponsor.





	 









	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE SHARES





	 





	General





	 




	The
	Trust is authorized under the Trust Agreement to issue and sell an unlimited number of the Shares. The Shares will be issued only
	in Baskets and only upon the order of an Authorized Participant. The Shares represent units of fractional undivided beneficial
	interest in and ownership of the Trust and have no par value. Any issuance and sale of the Shares above the amount registered
	on the registration statement, of which this Prospectus is a part, will require the registration of such additional Shares.




	 





	Description
	of Limited Rights





	 




	The
	Shares do not represent a traditional investment and should not be viewed as similar to “shares” of a corporation
	operating a business enterprise with management and a board of directors. A holder of the Shares will not have the statutory rights
	normally associated with the ownership of shares of a corporation; however, the DSTA does provide Shareholders the right to bring
	“oppression” or “derivative” actions. All of the Shares are of the same class with equal rights and privileges.
	Each of the Shares is transferable, is fully paid and nonassessable and entitles the holder to vote on the limited matters upon
	which Shareholders may vote under the Trust Agreement. The Shares do not entitle their holders to any conversion or pre-emptive
	rights or, except as provided below, any redemption rights or rights to distributions.




	 





	Distributions





	 




	If
	the Trust is terminated and liquidated, the Administrator will distribute to the holders of the Shares any amounts of the cash
	proceeds of the liquidation remaining after the satisfaction of all outstanding liabilities of the Trust and the establishment
	of reserves for applicable taxes, other governmental charges and contingent or future liabilities as the Administrator shall determine.
	See “Description of the Trust Agreement—Termination of the Trust.” Shareholders of record on the record date
	fixed by the Trust Agency Service Provider for a distribution will be entitled to receive their pro rata portion of any distribution.




	 









	 



	36



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 




	Voting
	and Approvals





	 




	Under
	the Trust Agreement, holders of the Shares have no voting rights except in limited circumstances. The Sponsor will act to terminate
	the Trust upon the agreement of holders owning at least seventy-five (75) percent of the outstanding Shares. In addition, certain
	amendments to the Trust Agreement require advance notice to holders of the Shares before the effectiveness of such amendments,
	but no holder vote or approval is required for any amendment to the Trust Agreement.




	 





	Redemption
	of the Shares





	 




	The
	Shares may only be redeemed by or through an Authorized Participant and only in whole Baskets. See “Creation and Redemption
	of Shares” for details.




	 





	Book-Entry
	Form





	 




	Individual
	certificates will not be issued for the Shares. Instead, one or more global certificates will be deposited by the Trust Agency
	Service Provider with the DTC and registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for the DTC. The global certificates will
	evidence all of the Shares outstanding at any time. Under the Trust Agreement, holders of the Shares are limited to (i) DTC Participants
	such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies, (ii) those who maintain, either directly or indirectly, a custodial relationship
	with a DTC Participant (“Indirect Participants”), and (iii) those banks, brokers, dealers, trust companies and others
	who hold interests in the Shares through DTC Participants or Indirect Participants. The Shares are only transferable through the
	book-entry system of the DTC. Holders who are not DTC Participants may transfer their Shares through the DTC by instructing the
	DTC Participant holding their Shares (or by instructing the Indirect Participant or other entity through which their Shares are
	held) to transfer the Shares. Transfers will be made in accordance with standard securities industry practice.




	 





	Share
	Splits





	 




	If
	the Sponsor believes that the Share price in the secondary market for the Shares has risen or fallen outside a desirable trading
	price range, the Sponsor may direct the Trust Agency Service Provider to declare a split or reverse split in the number of Shares
	outstanding and to make a corresponding change in the number of Shares constituting a Basket.




	 







	CUSTODY
	OF THE TRUST’S ETHER





	 




	All
	ether is recorded on the Blockchain, the decentralized transaction ledger of the Etherium Network. The Blockchain is a record
	of every ether, every ether transaction (including the mining of new ether) and every Ethereum Network public address associated
	with a quantity of ether. In order to transfer or “spend” ether, one must control the private key that is mathematically
	associated with a given Ethereum Network public address. The private keys that control the Trust’s ether are secured by
	the Custodian and stored completely offline.




	 




	The
	Custodian’s cold storage system is founded on the principles of (i) building defense-in-depth against external threats;
	(ii) protecting against human error; and (iii) guarding against misuse of insider access.




	 




	The
	Custodian is the custodian of the Trust’s ether in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Trust Custody Agreement.
	The Custodian segregates the Trust’s ether which are held in unique Ethereum Netwok public addresses with balances that
	can be directly verified on the Blockchain.




	 




	Acting
	on standing instructions specified in the Trust Custody Agreement, the Custodian will accept, on behalf of the Trust,


	delivery
	of ether from Authorized Participants into the Trust Custody Account in the creation of a Basket. In order for an Authorized Participant
	to redeem a Basket and receive a distribution of ether from the Trust, the Custodian, upon receiving instructions from the Administrator,
	will sign transactions necessary to transfer ether out of the Trust Custody Account and distribute the ether to the Ethereum Network
	public address specified by the Authorized Participant. See “Creation and Redemption of Shares.”




	 











	 



	37



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	Sponsor must engage an independent audit firm to periodically audit the Custodian’s storage of private keys and its internal
	controls (“Internal Controls Audit”), and report to the Sponsor at least annually on such matters. Additionally, the
	Sponsor must engage an independent audit firm to biannually verify that the Custodian can demonstrate “proof of control”
	of the private keys that control the Trust’s ether (“Proof of Control Audit”). One Proof of Control Audit will
	be conducted at the end of each calendar year and the other at random.




	 







	CREATION
	AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES





	 




	The
	Trust will issue and redeem Shares from time to time, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Documents. The following
	is a description of the material terms of the Trust Documents as they relate to the creation and redemption of the Trust’s
	Shares.




	 




	The
	Trust is expected to issue or redeem Shares from time to time only in one or more whole Baskets. The Trust will issue and redeem
	the Shares in Baskets only to certain Authorized Participants on an ongoing basis as described in the “Plan of Distribution”
	section below. On a creation, Baskets will be distributed to the Authorized Participants by the Trust in exchange for the delivery
	to the Trust of the appropriate number of ether (i.e., ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being purchased). On a
	redemption, the Trust will distribute ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being redeemed to the redeeming Authorized
	Participant in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of one or more Baskets. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted
	by the Administrator in a creation or redemption transaction will be the same (i.e., each Basket will consist of [●] Shares
	and the value of the Basket will be equal to the value of [●] Shares at their net asset value per Share on that day). The
	Trust will not issue or redeem fractions of a Basket. Only Authorized Participants will be able to place orders to create or redeem
	Baskets. Authorized Participants must be (i) registered broker-dealers or other securities market participants, such as banks
	and other financial institutions, which are not required to register as broker-dealers to engage in securities transactions, and
	(ii) DTC Participants. To become an Authorized Participant, a person must enter into an Authorized Participant Agreement with
	the Administrator and the Sponsor on behalf of the Trust, subject to acceptance by the Trust Agency Service Provider. Authorized
	Participant Agreements provide the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets as well as the amount of ether required
	for delivery or distribution for such creations and redemptions. An Authorized Participant Agreement and the related procedures
	attached thereto may be amended by Administrator and the Sponsor without the consent of any Shareholder or Authorized Participant.
	A Transaction Fee may be imposed to offset the transfer and other transaction costs associated with creation or redemption. Authorized
	Participants will not receive a fee, or any other form of compensation or inducement from either the Sponsor or the Trust, and
	no Authorized Participant has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Trust to effect any sale or resale of the
	Shares.




	 




	Authorized
	Participants are cautioned that some of their activities will result in their being deemed participants in a distribution in a
	manner which would render them statutory underwriters and subject them to the prospectus-delivery and liability provisions of
	the Securities Act, as described in the “Plan of Distribution.”




	 




	To
	facilitate creation or redemption transactions, an Authorized Participant may, but is not required to, establish a custody account
	with the Custodian.




	 




	A
	copy of the Authorized Participant Agreements may be obtained by potential Authorized Participants from the Sponsor.




	 




	Authorized
	Participants or their affiliated market makers are expected to have the facility to participate directly on one or more Ether
	Exchanges. In addition, each Authorized Participant will be registered as a broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of
	1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), and regulated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”)
	or will be exempt from being or otherwise will not be required to be so regulated or registered, and will be qualified to act
	as a broker or dealer in the states or other jurisdictions where the nature of its business so requires. Certain Authorized Participants
	will be regulated under federal and state banking laws and regulations. Each Authorized Participant will have its own set of rules
	and procedures, internal controls and information barriers as it determines is appropriate in light of its own regulatory regime.




	 




	Authorized
	Participants may act for their own accounts or as agents for broker-dealers, custodians and other securities market participants
	that wish to create or redeem Baskets. An order for one or more Baskets may be placed by an Authorized Participant on behalf of
	multiple clients. As of the date of this Prospectus, [●] have each signed an Authorized Participant Agreement with the Trust
	and, upon the effectiveness of such agreement, may create and redeem Baskets as described above. Persons interested in placing
	orders to create or redeem Baskets should contact the Sponsor or the Administrator to obtain the contact information for the Authorized
	Participants. Shareholders who are not Authorized Participants will only be able to redeem their Shares through an Authorized
	Participant.




	 











	 



	38



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	Ether
	will be (i) delivered to the Trust Custody Account from an Authorized Participant in connection with the creation of one or more
	Baskets and (ii) distributed by the Custodian from the Trust Custody Account to the Authorized Participant in connection with
	the redemption of one or more Baskets.




	 




	Under
	the Authorized Participant Agreements, the Sponsor has agreed to indemnify the Authorized Participants against certain liabilities,
	including liabilities under the Securities Act.




	 




	The
	following description of the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets is only a summary and an investor should refer
	to the relevant provisions of the Trust Agreement, the Trust Servicing Agreement and the form of Authorized Participant Agreements
	for more detail, each of which is attached as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. See
	“Where You Can Find More Information” for information about where you can obtain the registration statement.




	 





	Creation
	Procedures





	 




	On
	any Business Day, an Authorized Participant may place an order with the Administrator to create one or more Baskets (each a “Creation
	Basket”). The settlement of Creation Basket orders, including the delivery of ether by the Authorized Participant and distribution
	of Shares to the Authorized Participant, will occur only on days [EXCHANGE] is open for regular trading.




	 





	Creation
	Basket Order Requirements





	 




	The
	number of ether required to be delivered to the Trust in exchange for a Creation Basket is determined by the Trust Agreement.
	All questions as to the amount of ether necessary to deliver to purchase a Creation Basket will be conclusively determined by
	the Administrator. The Administrator’s determination of the cost of a Creation Basket shall be final and binding on all
	persons interested in the Trust.




	 





	Creation
	Basket Distribution





	 




	An
	Authorized Participant who places a Creation Basket order with the Administrator is responsible for delivering the ether to the
	Trust required to purchase the Creation Basket on the order date. Ether delivered by an Authorized Participant will be considered
	settled upon the completion of the Confirmation Protocol. Under the Confirmation Protocol, the Custodian must wait until the ether
	delivery transaction has been confirmed by six (6) consecutive blocks on the Blockchain before it is considered settled. The confirmation
	process should take approximately two to three minutes depending upon the speed with which Ethereum Network miners add new blocks
	to the Blockchain. An Authorized Participant shall not be deemed to have fulfilled its ether delivery requirement until the completion
	of the Confirmation Protocol.




	 




	Following
	confirmation of the receipt of ether into the Trust Custody Account by the Custodian, the Administrator will direct the DTC to
	credit the Authorized Participant’s DTC account with the Shares representing the number of Creation Baskets purchased. The
	expense and risk of delivery, ownership and safekeeping of an ether delivery until it has been received by the Trust in the Trust
	Custody Account shall be borne solely by the Authorized Participant.




	 




	The
	Custodian may accept delivery of ether by such other means as the Sponsor, from time to time, may determine to be acceptable for
	the Trust, provided that the same is disclosed in a prospectus relating to the Trust filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424 under
	the Securities Act. If ether is to be delivered other than as described above, the Sponsor is authorized to establish such procedures
	and to appoint such custodians and establish such custody accounts in addition to those described in this Prospectus, as the Sponsor
	determines to be desirable.




	 





	Suspension
	or Rejection of Creation Basket Orders





	 




	The
	Administrator may, in its discretion, and when directed by the Sponsor, suspend the right to place Creation Basket orders, or
	postpone the Creation Basket settlement date, (i) for any period during which [EXCHANGE] is closed other than customary weekend
	or holiday closings, or trading on [EXCHANGE] is suspended or restricted or (ii) for any period during which an emergency exists
	as a result of which receipt or evaluation of ether delivery is not reasonably practicable or presents, in the judgment of the
	Administrator, the Custodian or the Sponsor or their agents, a security risk to ether held by the Custodian. The inability of
	the Custodian to operate because of a failure of hardware, software or personnel or an inability to access the Ethereum Network
	(e.g., because of power failure or acts of God) are examples of such emergencies. None of the Administrator, the Custodian, the
	Sponsor, or their agents will be liable to any person or in any way for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension
	or postponement.



	 








	 



	39



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	Administrator may also reject a Creation Basket order if (i) such order is not presented in proper form as described in the Authorized
	Participant Agreements, (ii) such order is incorrect, (iii) if the Creation Basket Order presents, in the opinion of the Administrator,
	the Custodian, the Sponsor or their agents, a security risk to the ether held by the Custodian

	]

	, or (iv) the fulfillment
	of the Creation Basket order, in the opinion of counsel, might be unlawful. None of the Trustee, Administrator, Trust Agency Service
	Provider, Custodian, Sponsor, or their agents will be liable for the rejection of any Creation Basket order.




	 





	Redemption
	Procedures





	 




	The
	procedures by which an Authorized Participant can redeem one or more Baskets (each a “Redemption Basket”) will mirror
	the procedures for the creation of Baskets. On any Business Day, an Authorized Participant may place a Redemption Basket order
	with the Administrator. The settlement of Redemption Baskets orders, including the delivery of Shares to the Trust and distribution
	of ether to the Authorized Participant, will only occur when [EXCHANGE] is open for regular trading. Settlement of Redemption
	Baskets orders may be delayed longer than three (3), but no more than five (5), Business Days following the Redemption Basket
	order date. Settlement of Redemption Baskets may be delayed only in the instance of administrative or custodial delays in the
	processing of a distribution of ether from the Trust Custody Account, whether by reason of Ethereum Network delays, mechanical
	or clerical error or by act of God. Settlement of a Redemption Basket will occur only on Business Days. Redemption Basket orders
	must be placed no later than 4:00 p.m. Eastern time on a Business Day. A Redemption Basket order so received will be effective
	on the date it is received if the Administrator finds it to be in satisfactory form. The redemption procedures allow only Authorized
	Participants to place Redemption Basket orders and do not entitle an Authorized Participant to receive a distribution of ether
	in an amount that is different than the value of a Redemption Basket.




	 




	By
	placing a Redemption Basket order, an Authorized Participant agrees to deliver the number of Shares in the Redemption Basket through
	DTC’s book-entry system to the Administrator’s DTC account not later than the third Business Day following the effective
	date of the Redemption Basket order.




	 





	Redemption
	Basket Order Requirements





	 




	The
	Redemption Basket distribution from the Trust will consist of a transfer to the redeeming Authorized Participant of the number
	of the ether held by the Trust in the Trust Custody Account evidenced by the Shares being delivered. Redemption distributions
	will be subject to the deduction of any applicable taxes or other governmental charges that may be due.




	 





	Redemption
	Basket Distribution





	 




	The
	distribution of ether representing a Redemption Basket will be transferred to the Authorized Participant on the third Business
	Day following the Redemption Basket order date if, by 9:00 a.m. Eastern time on such third Business Day, the Administrator’s
	DTC account has been credited with the Redemption Baskets to be redeemed. Subsequently the Administrator will instruct the Custodian
	to transfer ether from the Trust Custody Account and distribute it to the redeeming Authorized Participant. If the Administrator’s
	DTC account has not been credited with all of the Shares representative of the Redemption Baskets to be redeemed by such time,
	the delivery will be considered unfulfilled. The Administrator is also authorized to instruct the Custodian to transfer to the
	Authorized Participant the distribution of ether resulting from the Redemption Basket order, notwithstanding that the Redemption
	Baskets to be redeemed are not credited to the Administrator’s DTC account by 9:00 a.m. Eastern time on the third Business
	Day following the Redemption Basket order date, if the Authorized Participant has collateralized its obligation to deliver the
	Redemption Baskets through DTC’s book-entry system on such terms as the Sponsor and the Administrator may from time to time
	agree upon.




	 




	In
	order to facilitate the distribution of the ether representing a Redemption Basket order, the Administrator will calculate the
	number of ether representing the value of the Redemption Basket order and instruct the Custodian to distribute that amount of
	ether to the redeeming Authorized Participant.




	 











	 



	40



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Suspension
	or Rejection of Redemption Basket Orders





	 




	The
	Administrator may, in its discretion, and will, when directed by the Sponsor, suspend the right to place Redemption Basket orders,
	or postpone the Redemption Basket order settlement date, (i) for any period during which [EXCHANGE] is closed other than customary
	weekend or holiday closings, or trading on [EXCHANGE] is suspended or restricted or (ii) for any period during which an emergency
	exists as a result of which the distribution or evaluation of ether is not reasonably practicable or presents, in the judgment
	of Administrator, the Custodian, the Sponsor, or their agents, a security risk to the Cusodian. The inability of the Custodian
	to operate


	because of a failure of hardware, software or personnel or an inability to access the Ethereum Network


	(e.g.,
	because of power failure or acts of God) are examples of such emergencies. None of the Administrator, the Custodian, the Sponsor,
	or their agents will be liable to any person or in any way for any loss or damages that may result from any such suspension or
	postponement.




	 




	The
	Administrator will reject a Redemption Basket order if the order is not in proper form as described in the Authorized Participant
	Agreement or if the fulfillment of the Redemption Basket order, in the opinion of its counsel, might be unlawful.




	 





	Creation
	and Redemption Transaction Fee





	 




	To
	defray the costs incurred by the Trust Agency Service Provider for services in processing the creation and redemption of Baskets
	and transferring ether, including the payment of any transaction fees to miners, an Authorized Participant may be required to
	pay to the Trust Agency Service Provider a Transaction Fee. The Trust Agency Service Provider shall promptly notify the DTC of
	any agreement to include or change the Transaction Fee and will not implement any increase in the Transaction Fee for the redemption
	of Baskets until thirty (30) days after the date of the notice.




	 





	Tax
	Responsibility





	 




	Authorized
	Participants are responsible for any transfer tax, sales or use tax, recording tax, value added tax or similar tax or governmental
	charge applicable to the creation or redemption of Baskets, regardless of whether or not such tax or charge is imposed directly
	on the Authorized Participant, and Authorized Participants agree to indemnify the Sponsor, the Administrator and the Trust if
	any of them are required by law to pay any such tax, together with any applicable penalties, additions to tax or interest thereon.




	 







	VALUATION
	OF ETHER AND DEFINITION OF NAV





	 




	The
	Administrator will calculate the NAV of the Trust in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Documents. The following
	is a description of the material terms of the Trust Documents as they relate to the determination of the Trust’s NAV.




	 




	On
	each Business Day, the Administrator will calculate the NAV of the Trust as measured at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time (the “Evaluation
	Time”) using the EtherIndex Price on each Business Day. The NAV of the Trust is the asset value of the Trust less its liabilities
	(which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses) divided by the number of outstanding Shares as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern time
	each Business Day.




	 




	Any
	determination that the EtherIndex Price is unavailable or otherwise not an appropriate basis for calculating the Trust’s
	NAV would be based upon extraordinary criteria. In the event that the Sponsor determines that the EtherIndex Price is not an appropriate
	basis for evaluation of the Trust’s ether, the Sponsor will instruct the Administrator to use [●] as an alternative
	basis for calculating the Trust’s NAV. Determining the fair market value of ether involves the consideration of a number
	of subjective factors and thus the prices for ether may differ from the EtherIndex Price. The Sponsor may consider the market
	price for ether on other Ether Exchanges, or in other forums for which ether prices are published publicly. Neither the Administrator
	nor the Sponsor shall be liable to any person for the determination that the EtherIndex Price or an alternative basis for a fair
	market value of ether is not appropriate as a basis for calculation of the Trust’s NAV provided that such determination
	is made in good faith.




	 




	The
	Sponsor will publish the Trust’s NAV on the Trust’s website as soon as practicable after their calculation by the
	Administrator. To the extent that the NAV has been calculated using a price per ether other than the EtherIndex Price for such
	Business Day, the publication on the Trust’s website will note the valuation methodology and the price per ether resulting
	from such calculation.




	 











	 



	41



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	Administrator’s estimation of accrued but unpaid fees, expenses and liabilities will be conclusive upon all persons interested
	in the Trust and no revision or correction in any computation made under the Trust Servicing Agreement will be required by reason
	of any difference in amounts estimated from those actually paid.




	 




	The
	Sponsor and Shareholders may rely on any valuation furnished by the Administrator, and the Sponsor will have no responsibility
	for the accuracy of the valuation. The calculations the Administrator makes will be made in good faith and the Administrator will
	not be liable for any errors contained in, information reasonably available to it. The Administrator will not be liable to the
	Sponsor, DTC, Authorized Participants, Shareholders or any other person for errors in judgment. However, the preceding liability
	exclusion will not protect the Administrator against any liability resulting from gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad
	faith in the performance of its duties.




	 







	EXPENSES;
	SALES OF ETHER





	 





	Expenses
	to be paid by the Sponsor





	 




	Under
	the terms of the Agreement, the Sponsor has agreed to assume the following administrative and marketing expenses incurred by the
	Trust: (i) the Trustee’s monthly fee and expenses (including indemnification amounts) reimbursable under the Trust Agreement,
	(ii) the Administrator’s monthly fee and expenses reimbursable under the Trust Servicing Agreement, (iii) the Trust Agency
	Service Provider’s monthly fee and expenses under the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement and (iv) the Custodian’s
	monthly fee and expenses reimbursable under the Trust Custody Agreement. In addition, the Sponsor has agreed to pay (i) exchange
	listing fees, (ii) SEC registration fees, (iii) printing and mailing costs, (iv) costs of maintaining the Trust’s website,
	(v) audit fees, (vi) up to $[●] per annum in marketing expenses and (vii) up to $[●] per annum in legal expenses.
	In addition, the Sponsor will also pay the costs of the Trust’s organization and the initial issuance and sale of the Shares,
	including the applicable SEC registration fees.




	 





	Extraordinary
	and Other Expenses





	 




	If
	at any time, other expenses are incurred outside the daily business of the Trust and the Sponsor’s Fee (e.g., expenses relating
	to litigation), the Administrator will at the discretion of the Sponsor or in its own discretion instruct the Custodian to transfer
	to the Trust Expense Account the Trust’s ether for later sale as necessary to pay such expenses.




	 




	The
	Trust shall not bear any expenses incurred in connection with the issuance, sale and distribution of the securities being registered.
	These expenses shall be paid by the Sponsor.




	 





	Sales
	of Ether





	 




	The
	Administrator will, when directed by the Sponsor or in its own discretion, instruct the Custodian to sell, or otherwise cause
	the sale of that number of ether as may be necessary to pay the Trust’s expenses not otherwise assumed by the Sponsor pursuant
	to the following procedures. The Administrator will instruct the Custodian to transfer ether from the Trust Custody Account to
	the Trust Expense Account. The Trust Expense Account is an account of the Administrator and any transfer thereto shall be held
	in order to pay such extraordinary expenses. If the Administrator causes the sale of ether in the Trust Expense Account, any cash
	received by the Administrator pending payment of the Trust’s expenses will not bear any interest. The Administrator will
	use the cash proceeds of any sales to pay the outstanding extraordinary expenses of the Trust. To the extent the Administrator
	ceases the transfers to the Trust Expense Account of ether in excess of the amount needed to pay the Trust’s extraordinary
	expenses, the Administrator will promptly return such remaining ether by transfer to the Trust Custody Account.




	 




	The
	Administrator will cause ether to be sold through dealers or by the Custodian or Administrator directly on an Ether Exchange,
	as directed by the Sponsor or, in the absence of such direction, with dealers or on Ether Exchanges through which the Administrator
	may reasonably expect to obtain a favorable price and good execution of orders. The Administrator may consider the market price
	(relative to the value of ether as represented by the EtherIndex Price) expected to be obtained by such dealer or through such
	Ether Exchange and the ability of the dealer or Ether Exchange to conduct the sale of ether with a minimal impact on the market
	price of ether. The Administrator may offset the importance of one factor against the remaining factors. The Custodian may be
	the purchaser of such ether only if the sale transaction is made at the next EtherIndex Price or such other publicly available
	price that the Sponsor deems fair and reasonable with respect to the Trust, in each case as set following the sale order. Neither
	the Administrator nor the Sponsor is liable for depreciation or loss incurred by reason of any sale. See “United States
	Federal Income Tax Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Shareholders” for information on the tax treatment of ether sales.




	 









	 



	42



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 



	The
	Administrator will also cause the Custodian to transfer ether from the Trust Custody Account into the Trust Expense Account and
	sell the Trust’s ether if the Sponsor notifies the Administrator that sale is required by applicable law or regulation.
	In addition, the Administrator will, if directed by the Sponsor, sell the ether in the Trust Custody Account in connection with
	the termination and liquidation of the Trust. The Administrator will not be liable or responsible in any way for depreciation
	or loss incurred by reason of any sale of ether directed by the Sponsor.




	 




	The
	Administrator will not cause the sale of ether to pay the Sponsor’s Fee, which is an ordinary expense of the Trust. The
	Sponsor’s Fee will be paid through the transfer of ether from the Trust Custody Account to the Sponsor Custody Account.




	 





	THE
	TRUST MAY TRANSACT IN ETHER ON A LIMITED NUMBER OF EXCHANGES, WHICH MAY RESULT IN LESS FAVORABLE PRICES AND DECREASED LIQUIDITY
	FOR THE TRUST AND THEREFORE COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON THE TRUST AND SHAREHOLDERS.





	 







	BOOK-ENTRY-ONLY
	SHARES





	 





	The
	Securities Depository; Book-Entry-Only System; Global Security





	 




	In
	accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Documents, the Trust’s Shares will be issued in book-entry-only form,
	so that individual certificates will not be issued for the Shares but rather one or more global certificates will evidence all
	of the Shares outstanding at any time.




	 




	DTC
	will act as securities depository for the Shares. DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the laws of the State
	of New York, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform
	Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of section 17A of the Exchange Act.
	DTC was created to hold securities of DTC Participants and to facilitate the clearance and settlement of transactions in such
	securities among the DTC Participants through electronic book-entry changes. This eliminates the need for physical movement of
	securities certificates. DTC Participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations,
	and certain other organizations, some of whom (and/or their representatives) own DTC. Access to the DTC system is also available
	to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC
	Participant, either directly or indirectly. DTC is expected to agree with and represent to the DTC Participants that it will administer
	its book-entry system in accordance with its rules and bylaws and the requirements of law.




	 




	Individual
	certificates will not be issued for the Shares. Instead, one or more global certificates will be signed by the Trust Agency Service
	Provider on behalf of the Trust, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC, and deposited with the Trust Agency
	Service Provider on behalf of DTC. The global certificates will evidence all of the Shares outstanding at any time. The representations,
	undertakings and agreements made on the part of the Trust in the global certificates are made and intended for the purpose of
	binding only the Trust and not the Trust Agency Service Provider or the Sponsor individually.




	 




	Upon
	the settlement date of any creation, transfer or redemption of the Shares, DTC will credit or debit, on its book-entry registration
	and transfer system, the amount of the Shares so created, transferred or redeemed to the accounts of the appropriate DTC Participants.
	The Trust Agency Service Provider and the Authorized Participants will designate the accounts to be credited and charged in the
	case of creation or redemption of the Shares.




	 




	Beneficial
	ownership of the Shares will be limited to DTC Participants, Indirect Participants and persons holding interests through DTC Participants
	and Indirect Participants. Owners of beneficial interests in the Shares will be shown on, and the transfer of ownership will be
	effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to DTC Participants), the records of DTC Participants (with respect
	to Indirect Participants), and the records of Indirect Participants (with respect to Shareholders that are not DTC Participants
	or Indirect Participants). Shareholders are expected to receive from or through the DTC Participant maintaining the account through
	which the Shareholder has purchased their Shares a written confirmation relating to such purchase.




	 









	 



	43



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 



	Shareholders
	that are not DTC Participants may transfer the Shares through DTC by instructing the DTC Participant or Indirect Participant through
	which Shareholders hold their Shares to transfer the Shares. Shareholders that are DTC Participants may transfer the Shares by
	instructing DTC in accordance with the rules of DTC. Transfers of the Shares will be made in accordance with standard securities
	industry practice.




	 




	DTC
	may decide to discontinue providing its service with respect to Baskets and/or the Shares by giving notice to the Trust Agency
	Service Provider and the Sponsor. Under such circumstances, the Sponsor will find a replacement for DTC to perform its functions
	at a comparable cost or, if a replacement is unavailable, the Sponsor will act to terminate the Trust.




	 




	The
	rights of Shareholders generally must be exercised by DTC Participants acting on their behalf in accordance with the rules and
	procedures of DTC. Because the Shares can only be held in book-entry form through DTC and DTC Participants, investors must rely
	on DTC, DTC Participants and any other financial intermediary through which they hold the Shares to receive the benefits and exercise
	the rights described in this section. Investors should consult with their broker or financial institution to find out about procedures
	and requirements for securities held in book-entry form through DTC.




	 







	BOOKS
	AND RECORDS; STATEMENTS, FILINGS AND REPORTS





	 





	Books
	and Records





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider will keep proper books of record and account of the Trust at its office located in [●] or
	such office as it may subsequently designate. These books and records are open to inspection at all reasonable times during the
	usual business hours of the Trust Agency Service Provider by any person who establishes to the Trust Agency Service Provider’s
	satisfaction that such person is a Shareholder.




	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider also will keep a copy of the Trust Agreement and the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement, on
	file in its office which will be available for inspection on reasonable advance notice at all reasonable times during its usual
	business hours by any Shareholder.




	 





	Statements,
	Filings and Reports





	 




	After
	the end of each fiscal year, the Sponsor will cause to be prepared an annual report for the Trust containing audited financial
	statements. The annual report will be in such form and contain such information as will be required by applicable laws, rules
	and regulations and may contain such additional information which the Sponsor determines shall be included. The annual report
	shall be filed with the SEC and [EXCHANGE] and shall be distributed to such persons and in such manner, as shall be required by
	applicable laws, rules and regulations.




	 




	The
	Sponsor is responsible for the registration and qualification of the Shares under the federal securities laws and any other securities
	and blue sky laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction as the Sponsor may select. The Sponsor will also prepare, or
	cause to be prepared, and file any periodic reports or updates required under the Exchange Act. The Trust Agency Service Provider
	will assist and support the Sponsor in the preparation of such reports.




	 




	The
	accounts of the Trust will be audited, as required by law and as may be directed by the Sponsor, by independent registered public
	accountants designated from time to time by the Sponsor. The accountants report will be furnished by the Trust Agency Service
	Provider to Shareholders upon request.




	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider will make such elections, file such tax returns, and prepare, disseminate and file such tax reports,
	as it is advised to by its counsel or accountants or as required from time to time by any applicable statute, rule or regulation.




	 





	Fiscal
	Year





	 




	The
	fiscal year of the Trust will initially be the period ending December 31 of each year. The Sponsor may select an alternate fiscal
	year.




	 











	 



	44



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 







	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE TRUST DOCUMENTS





	 




	The
	Trust operates in accordance with the DSTA and under the terms of the Trust Agreement, as well as pursuant to the terms of the
	Trust Servicing Agreement, the Trust Agency Services Provider Agreement and the Trust Custody Agreement, as each is mentioned
	above.




	 





	Description
	of the Trust Agreement





	 




	The
	following is a description of the material terms of the Trust Agreement. The Trust Agreement establishes the roles of the Sponsor
	and the Trustee and sets forth the rights and duties of each party.




	 





	The
	Sponsor





	 




	This
	section summarizes some of the important provisions of the Trust Agreement which apply to the Sponsor. For a general description
	of the Sponsor’s role concerning the Trust, see “The Sponsor—The Sponsor’s Role.”




	 





	Liability
	of the Sponsor and indemnification





	 




	The
	Sponsor will not be liable to the Trust or any Shareholder for any action taken, or for refraining from taking any action in good
	faith, or for errors in judgment or for depreciation or loss incurred by reason of the sale of ether or other assets of the Trust.
	However, the preceding liability exclusion will not protect the Sponsor against any liability resulting from its own gross negligence,
	willful misconduct or bad faith in the performance of its duties.




	 




	The
	Sponsor and its members, managers, directors, officers, employees, affiliates (as such term is defined under the Securities Act)
	and subsidiaries shall be indemnified by the Trust and held harmless against any loss, liability or expense incurred without gross
	negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on the part of such indemnified party arising out of or in connection with the performance
	of its obligations under the Trust Agreement and under each other agreement entered into by the Sponsor in furtherance of the
	administration of the Trust (including, without limiting the scope of the foregoing, any Authorized Participant Agreement) or
	any actions taken in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. Such indemnity shall include payment from the Trust
	of the costs and expenses incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself against any claim or liability in its capacity
	as Sponsor. Any amounts payable to an indemnified party may be payable in advance or shall be secured by a lien on the Trust.
	The Sponsor may, in its discretion, undertake any action that it may deem necessary or desirable in respect of the Trust Agreement
	and the interests of Shareholders and, in such event, the legal expenses and costs of any such actions shall be expenses and costs
	of the Trust and the Sponsor shall be entitled to be reimbursed therefor by the Trust.




	 




	The
	Sponsor may rely on all information provided by the Administrator for securities filings, including a free writing prospectus
	or marketing materials. If such information is incorrect or omits material information and is the foundation for a claim against
	the Sponsor, the Sponsor may be entitled to indemnification from the Trust.




	 





	Successor
	sponsors





	 




	If
	the Sponsor is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Sponsor or of its property is appointed, or a trustee or liquidator
	or any public officer takes charge or control of the Sponsor or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation,
	conservation or liquidation, then, in any such case, each of the Administrator and the Trustee may terminate and liquidate the
	Trust and distribute its remaining assets. Neither the Administrator nor the Trustee has any obligation to appoint a successor
	sponsor or to assume the duties of the Sponsor, and neither will have any liability to any person because the Trust is or is not
	terminated as described in the preceding sentence.




	 





	The
	Trustee





	 




	This
	section summarizes some of the important provisions of the Trust Agreement which apply to the Trustee. For a general description
	of the Trustee’s role concerning the Trust, see “The Trustee—The Trustee’s Role.”




	 











	 



	45



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Qualifications
	of the Trustee





	 




	The
	Trustee and any successor trustee must be (i) a bank, trust company, corporation or national banking association organized and
	doing business under the laws of the United States or any of its states, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate
	trust powers. The Trustee and any successor trustee must have, at all times, an aggregate capital, surplus, and undivided profits
	of at least $[●].




	 





	General
	duty of care of Trustee





	 




	The
	Trustee is a fiduciary under the Trust Agreement; provided, however, that the fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities
	of the Trustee are limited by, and are only those specifically set forth in, the Trust Agreement. For limitations on the fiduciary
	duties of the Trustee, see the limitations on liability set forth below in “The Trustee—Limitation on Trustee’s
	liability” and “The Trustee—Trustee’s liability for agents.”




	 





	Limitation
	on Trustee’s liability





	 




	Under
	the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor has exclusive control of the management of all aspects of the business of the Trust and the Trustee
	has only nominal duties and liabilities to the Trust, as described in the remainder of this paragraph. The Trustee is appointed
	to serve as the trustee of the Trust in the State of Delaware for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirement of Section 3807(a)
	of the DSTA that the Trust have at least one (1) trustee with a principal place of business in the State of Delaware. The duties
	of the Trustee will be limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Trust in the State of Delaware and (ii) the execution
	of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute
	under the DSTAt. To the extent that, at law or in equity, the Trustee has duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities
	relating thereto to the Trust or Shareholders, such duties and liabilities will be replaced by the duties and liabilities of the
	Trustee expressly set forth in the Trust Agreement. The Trustee will have no obligation to supervise, nor will it be liable for,
	the acts or omissions of the Sponsor, Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider, Custodian or any other entity or person.




	 




	Neither
	the Trustee, either in its capacity as trustee on in its individual capacity, nor any director, officer or controlling person
	of the Trustee is, or has any liability as, the issuer, director, officer or controlling person of the issuer of the Shares. The
	Trustee’s liability in connection with the issuance and sale of the Shares is limited solely to the express obligations
	of the Trustee as set forth in the Trust Agreement.




	 




	The
	Trustee will not be liable for the disposition of ether or moneys which is made in accordance with the Trust Agreement or otherwise,
	or for any action taken or omitted or for any loss or injury resulting from its actions or its performance or lack of performance
	of its duties under the Trust Agreement in the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on its part. In no
	event will the Trustee be liable for acting in accordance with or conclusively relying upon any instruction, notice, demand, certificate
	or document (i) from the Sponsor, the Administrator, the Trust Agency Service Provider or the Custodian or any entity acting on
	behalf of which the Trustee believes is given as authorized by the Trust Agreement, The Trust Servicing Agreement, the Trust Agency
	Service Provider Agreement or the Trust Custody Agreement, respectively, or (ii) from or on behalf of any Authorized Participant
	which the Trustee believes is given pursuant to, or is authorized by, an Authorized Participant Agreement. In no event will the
	Trustee be liable for acting or omitting to act in reliance upon the advice of or information from legal counsel, accountants
	or any other person believed by it in good faith to be competent to give such advice or information. In addition, the Trustee
	will not be liable for any delay in performance or for the non-performance of any of its obligations under the Trust Agreement
	by reason of causes beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, war or terrorism. The Trustee will not be liable for
	any indirect, consequential, punitive or special damages, regardless of the form of action and whether or not any such damages
	were foreseeable or contemplated, or for an amount in excess of the value of the Trust’s assets.




	 





	Trustee’s
	liability for agents





	 




	The
	Trustee will not be answerable for the default of the Administrator, the Trust Agency Service Provider or the Custodian (or any
	entity acting on behalf of which Custodian or any successor custodian of the Trust) engaged at the direction of the Sponsor. The
	Trustee may employ agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors and other professionals and shall not be answerable for the default
	or misconduct of any of them if they were selected with reasonable care. The fees and expenses charged by any successor custodians
	to the Trust, agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors or other professionals, and expenses reimbursable to any successor custodian
	under a custody agreement authorized by the Trust Agreement, exclusive of fees for services to be performed by the Trustee, will
	be expenses of the Sponsor or the Trust.




	 











	 



	46



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Taxes





	 




	The
	Trustee will not be personally liable for any taxes or other governmental charges imposed upon ether, moneys or other Trust assets
	in its custody, upon the income therefrom or the gains or proceeds from the sale thereof, or upon it as Trustee in respect of
	the Trust or the Shares, which taxes or charges it may be required to pay under any present or future law of the United States
	or of any other taxing authority having jurisdiction. The Trustee will be reimbursed and indemnified out of the Trust’s
	assets for all such taxes and charges and for any expenses, including counsel’s fees, which the Trustee may sustain or incur
	as a result of such taxes or charges, and the payment of such amounts shall be secured by a lien on the Trust.




	 





	Indemnification
	of the Trustee





	 




	The
	Trustee, its directors, employees and agents shall be indemnified and defended by the Trust and the Sponsor, jointly and severally,
	and held harmless against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and
	expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened, pending or
	completed claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether
	formal or informal and including appeals, in which any indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party
	or otherwise, by reason of its status as an indemnitee whether arising from acts or omissions to act occurring before or after
	the date of the Trust Agreement, (including the Trustee’s indemnification obligations under these agreements) or by reason
	of the Trustee’s acceptance of the Trust Agreement incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on
	the part of such indemnified party in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Trust Agreement or any such
	other agreement or any actions taken in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement or any such other agreement. Such
	indemnity shall include payment from the Trust or the Sponsor of the costs and expenses incurred by such indemnified party in
	defending itself against any claim or liability in its capacity as Trustee. Any amounts payable to an indemnified party may be
	payable in advance or shall be secured by a lien on the Trust.




	 





	Protection
	for amounts due to Trustee





	 




	If
	any fees or costs owed to the Trustee under the Trust Agreement are not paid when due by the Sponsor, the Trustee may instruct
	the Custodian to transfer out of the Trust Custody Account any Trust assets, and thereafter cause the sale or other disposition
	of any such assets (including ether) and pay itself from the proceeds; provided, however, that the Trustee may not charge to the
	Trust unpaid fees owed to the Trustee by the Sponsor in excess of the fees payable to the Sponsor by the Trust without regard
	to any waiver by the Sponsor of its fees. As security for all obligations owed to the Trustee under the Trust Agreement, the Trustee
	is granted a continuing security interest in, and a lien on, the Trust’s assets and all Trust distributions.




	 





	Holding
	of Trust property other than ether





	 




	The
	Trust will hold and record the ownership of the Trust’s assets pursuant to the Trust Servicing Agreement and Custody Agreement
	in a manner so that it will be owned for the benefit of the holders of the Shares for the purposes of, and subject to and limited
	by the terms and conditions set forth in, the Trust Agreement. Other than issuance and sale of the Shares, the Trust shall not
	issue or sell any certificates or other obligations or, except as provided in the Trust Agreement, otherwise incur, assume or
	guarantee any indebtedness for money borrowed or lend any assets owned by the Trust.




	 




	All
	moneys, if any, held by the Administrator under the Trust Servicing Agreement or by the Trustee under the Trust Agreement shall
	be held by it, without interest thereon or investment thereof, as a deposit for the account of the Trust. Such monies held hereunder
	shall be deemed segregated by maintaining such monies in an account or accounts for the exclusive benefit of the Trust. The Trustee
	may also employ custodians for Trust assets other than ether, if any, including agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors and other
	professionals and shall not be answerable for the default or misconduct of any such custodians, agents, attorneys, accountants,
	auditors and other professionals if such custodians, agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors or other professionals shall have
	been selected with reasonable care. Any Trust assets other than ether or cash, if any, will be held by the Administrator either
	directly or through the Federal Reserve/Treasury Book Entry System for United States and federal agency securities (“Book
	Entry System”), DTC, or through any other clearing agency or similar system (“Clearing Trust Agency”), if available.
	The Trustee will have no responsibility or liability for the actions or omissions of the Book Entry System, DTC or any Clearing
	Trust Agency. The Trustee shall not be liable for ascertaining or acting upon any calls, conversions, exchange offers, tenders,
	interest rate changes, or similar matters relating to securities held at DTC.




	 











	 



	47



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Resignation,
	discharge or removal of Trustee; successor trustees





	 




	The
	Trustee may at any time resign as Trustee by written notice of its election so to do, delivered to the Sponsor, and such resignation
	shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor trustee and its acceptance of such appointment.




	 




	The
	Sponsor may remove the Trustee in its discretion by written notice delivered to the Trustee at least ninety (90) days prior to
	such date.




	 




	The
	Sponsor may also remove the Trustee at any time if the Trustee (i) ceases to be a Qualified Bank (as defined below) or (ii) is
	in material breach of its obligations under the Trust Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt
	of written notice from the Sponsor or holders acting on behalf of at least twenty-five (25) percent of the outstanding Shares
	specifying such default and requiring the Trustee to cure such default. Under such circumstances, the Sponsor, acting on behalf
	of holders of the Shares, may remove the Trustee by written notice delivered to the Trustee and such removal shall take effect
	upon the appointment of a successor trustee and its acceptance of such appointment.




	 




	A
	“Qualified Bank” means a bank, trust company, corporation or national banking association organized and doing business
	under the laws of the United States or any State of the United States that is authorized under those laws to exercise corporate
	trust powers and that had, as of the date of its most recent annual financial statements, an aggregate capital, surplus and undivided
	profits of at least $[●].




	 




	The
	Sponsor may also remove the Trustee at any time if the Trustee merges into, consolidates with or is converted into another corporation
	or entity in a transaction in which the Trustee is not the surviving entity. The surviving entity from such a transaction shall
	be the successor of the Trustee without the execution or filing of any document or any further act; however, during the ninety
	(90) day period following the effectiveness of such transaction, the Sponsor may, by written notice to the Trustee, remove the
	Trustee and designate a successor trustee.




	 




	If
	the Trustee resigns or is removed, the Sponsor, acting on behalf of the holders of the Shares, shall use its reasonable efforts
	to appoint a successor trustee, which shall be a Qualified Bank. Every successor trustee shall execute and deliver to its predecessor
	and to the Sponsor, acting on behalf of Shareholders, an instrument in writing accepting its appointment hereunder, and thereupon
	such successor trustee, without any further act or deed, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers, duties and obligations
	of its predecessor; but such predecessor, nevertheless, upon payment of all sums due it and on the written request of the Sponsor,
	acting on behalf of Shareholders, shall execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all rights and powers
	of such predecessor hereunder, shall duly assign, transfer and deliver all right, title and interest in the Trust’s assets
	to such successor, and shall deliver to such successor a list of Shareholders of all outstanding Shares. The Sponsor or any such
	successor trustee shall promptly mail notice of the appointment of such successor trustee to Shareholders.




	 




	If
	the Trustee resigns and no successor trustee is appointed within sixty (60) days after the date the Trustee issues its notice
	of resignation, the Trustee will terminate and liquidate the Trust and distribute its remaining assets.




	 





	Amendments
	to the Trust Agreement





	 




	The
	Sponsor may amend any provisions of the Trust Agreement without the consent of any holder of the Shares. Any amendment that imposes
	or increases any fees or charges (other than taxes and other governmental charges, registration fees or other such expenses),
	or that otherwise prejudices any substantial existing right of holders of the Shares will not become effective as to outstanding
	Shares until thirty (30) days after notice of such amendment is given to the holders. Amendments to allow redemption for quantities
	of ether smaller or larger than a Basket or to allow for the sale of ether to pay cash proceeds upon redemption shall not require
	notice pursuant to the preceding sentence. Every holder of Shares, at the time any amendment becomes so effective, shall be deemed,
	by continuing to hold any Shares or an interest therein, to consent and agree to such amendment and to be bound by the Trust Agreement
	as amended thereby. In no event shall any amendment impair the right of the holder to surrender Shares and receive delivery of
	the amount of Trust assets represented by those Shares (less fees in connection with the surrender of Shares and any applicable
	taxes or other governmental charges), except in order to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law.



	 








	 



	48



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Termination
	of the Trust





	 




	The
	Administrator will set a date on which the Trust shall terminate and mail notice of the termination to the holders of the Shares
	at least thirty (30) days prior to the date set for termination if any of the following occurs:



	 





	 




	●




	the Trust is notified
	that the Shares are delisted from [EXCHANGE] and are not approved for listing on another national securities exchange within
	five (5) business days of their delisting;






	 






	 




	●




	Shareholders acting
	in respect of at least seventy (75) percent of the outstanding Shares notify the Administrator that they elect to terminate
	the Trust;






	 






	 




	●




	sixty (60) days
	have elapsed since the Trustee notified the Sponsor of the Trustee’s election to resign and a successor trustee has
	not been appointed and accepted its appointment;






	 






	 




	●




	the SEC determines
	that the Trust is an investment company under the Investment Company Act, and the Administrator receives notice from the Sponsor
	that, because of such determination, termination of the Trust is advisable;






	 






	 




	●




	the CFTC determines
	that the Trust is a commodity pool under the CEA, and the Administrator receives notice from the Sponsor that, because of
	such determination, termination of the Trust is advisable;






	 






	 




	●




	the Trust is determined
	to be a MSB under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act and is required to
	comply with certain FinCEN regulations thereunder or is determined to be an MT or equivalent designation under the laws of
	any state in which the Trust operates and is required to seek licensing or otherwise comply with state licensing requirements,
	and the Trust receives notice from the Sponsor that, because of such determination, termination of the Trust is advisable;






	 






	 




	●




	the Trust fails
	to qualify for treatment, or ceases to be treated, as a grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Administrator
	receives notice from the Sponsor that the Sponsor determines that, because of such tax treatment or change in tax treatment,
	termination of the Trust is advisable;






	 






	 




	●




	a United States
	regulator requires the Trust to shut down or forces the Trust to liquidate its assets;






	 






	 




	●




	the aggregate market
	capitalization of the Trust, based on the closing price of the Shares, was less than $[●] million (as adjusted for inflation
	by reference to the U.S. Consumer Price Index) at any time after the first anniversary of the Trust’s formation and
	the Administrator receives, within six (6) months after the last trading date on which the aggregate market capitalization
	of the Trust was less than $[●] million, notice from the Sponsor of its decision to terminate the Trust;






	 






	 




	●




	sixty (60) days
	have elapsed since DTC ceases to act as depository with respect to the Shares and the Sponsor has not identified another depository
	that is willing to act in such capacity;






	 






	 




	●




	the Administrator
	elects to terminate the Trust after the Sponsor is conclusively deemed to have resigned effective immediately as a result
	of the Sponsor being adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Sponsor or of its property being appointed, or a
	trustee or liquidator or any public officer taking charge or control of the Sponsor or of its property or affairs for the
	purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation; or






	 






	 




	●




	the Sponsor elects
	to terminate the Trust after the Trustee, Administrator or the Custodian (or any successor trustee, administrator or custodian)
	resigns or otherwise ceases to be the trustee, administrator or custodian of the Trust, as applicable, and no replacement
	trustee, administrator and/or custodian acceptable to the Sponsor is engaged.





	 



	In
	respect of termination events that rely on Sponsor determinations to terminate the Trust (i.e., if the CFTC determines that the
	Trust is a commodity pool under the CEA; the Trust is determined to be an MT under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN; the
	Trust fails to qualify for treatment, or ceases to be treated, as a grantor trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or, following
	a resignation by a trustee or custodian, the Sponsor determines that no replacement is acceptable to it), the Sponsor may make
	any such determination in its sole discretion. The Sponsor may consider, without limitation, the profitability to the Sponsor
	and other service providers of the operation of the Trust, any obstacles or costs relating to the operation or regulatory compliance
	of the Trust relating to the determination’s triggering event, and the ability to market the Trust to investors. To the
	extent that the Sponsor determines to continue operation of the Trust following a triggering event, the Trust will be required
	to alter its operations to comply with the triggering event. In the instance of a determination that the Trust is a commodity
	pool, the Trust and the Sponsor would have to comply with regulations and disclosure and reporting requirements applicable to
	commodity pools and commodity pool operators or commodity trading advisers, respectively. In the event that the Trust is determined
	to be an MT, the Trust and the Sponsor will have to comply with applicable federal and state registration and regulatory requirements
	for MTs and/or MSBs. In the event that the Trust ceases to qualify for treatment as a grantor trust for U.S. federal tax purposes,
	the Trust will be required to alter its disclosure and tax reporting procedures and may no longer be able to operate or to rely
	on pass-through tax treatment. In each such case and in the case of the Sponsor’s determination as to whether a potential
	successor trustee or custodian is acceptable to it, the Sponsor shall not be liable to anyone for its determination of whether
	to continue or to terminate the Trust.




	 











	 



	49



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	On
	and after the date of termination of the Trust, Shareholders will be entitled to the distribution of the amount of Trust assets
	(paid in cash) represented by those Shares, upon (i) surrender of Shares then held, (ii) payment of any fee to the Trust Agency
	Service Provider in connection with the surrender of Shares and (iii) payment of any applicable taxes or other governmental charges.
	The Trust shall not accept any delivery of ether after the date of termination. If any Shares remain outstanding after the date
	of termination, the Trust Agency Service Provider thereafter shall (i) discontinue the registration of transfers of Shares and
	(ii) shall not give any further notices or perform any further acts under the Trust Agreement and the Trust Agency Service Provider
	Agreement. The Administrator will (or will cause to) continue to pay the Trust’s expenses and sell ether as necessary, as
	directed by the Sponsor, to meet those expenses and will (or will cause to) continue to distribute Trust assets (paid in cash),
	as well as the net proceeds from the sale of any other property, to holders in exchange for Shares surrendered (less any fees
	due to the Trust Agency Service Provider for the surrender of Shares, any expenses for the account of holders in accordance with
	the terms and conditions of the Trust Agreement, and any applicable taxes or other governmental charges).




	 




	At
	any time after the expiration of [●] days following the date of the Trust’s termination, the Administrator may sell
	the Trust assets then held under the Trust Agreement and may thereafter hold the net proceeds of any such sale, together with
	any other cash then held by the Administrator under the Trust Agreement, without liability for interest, for the pro rata benefit
	of Shareholders that have not theretofore surrendered their Shares. The Administrator will cause ether to be sold through dealers
	or by the Administrator directly on an Ether Exchange directed by the Sponsor or, in the absence of such direction, with dealers
	or on Ether Exchanges through which the Administrator may reasonably expect to obtain a favorable price and good execution of
	orders. The Administrator may consider the market price (relative to the value of ether as represented by the EtherIndex Price)
	expected to be obtained by such dealer or through such Ether Exchange and the ability of the dealer or Ether Exchange to conduct
	the sale of ether with a minimal impact on the market price of ether. The Administrator may offset the importance of one factor
	against the remaining factors. The Custodian may be the purchaser of such ether only if the sale transaction is made at the next
	EtherIndex Price or such other publicly available price that the Sponsor deems fair, in each case as set following the sale order.
	Neither the Administrator nor the Sponsor is liable for depreciation or loss incurred by reason of any sale. See “United
	States Federal Income Tax Consequences—Taxation of U.S. Holders” for information regarding the tax treatment of ether
	sales. After making such sale, the Administrator shall be discharged from all obligations under the Trust Servicing Agreement,
	except to account for such net proceeds and other cash (after deducting, in each case, any fees, expenses, taxes or other governmental
	charges payable by the Trust, any fee to the Administrator for the surrender of the Shares and any expenses for the account of
	holders in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Trust Agreement, and any applicable taxes or other governmental charges).
	Upon the termination of the Trust, the Sponsor shall be discharged from all obligations under the Trust Agreement except for certain
	obligations that survive termination of the Trust Agreement.




	 





	Governing
	law; consent to New York jurisdiction





	 




	The
	Trust Agreement and the rights of the Sponsor, Trustee, DTC (as registered owner of the Trust’s global certificates for
	the Shares) and Shareholders under the Trust Agreement are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. The Trust Servicing
	Agreement, Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement, Trust Custody Agreement and Authorized Participant Agreements are governed
	by the laws of the State of New York. The Sponsor, the Trustee and DTC and, by accepting the Shares, each DTC Participant and
	each Shareholder, consents to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and any federal courts located in the borough
	of Manhattan in New York City. Such consent is not required for any person to assert a claim of New York jurisdiction over the
	Sponsor or the Trustee.




	 







	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE TRUST SERVICING AGREEMENT





	 




	The
	Trust Agreement establishes the role of the Administrator to the Trust, and the Trust Servicing Agreement sets forth the rights
	and duties of the Administrator on behalf of the Trust. The following is a description of the material terms of the Trust Servicing
	Agreement. The Administrator, among other things, provides services necessary for the operation and administration of the Trust,
	including the creation and redemption of Baskets in exchange for the delivery and distribution, as applicable, of ether, the NAV
	calculations and accounting and other administrative services. For a general description of the Administrator’s role concerning
	the Trust, see “The Administrator—The Administrator’s Role.”




	 











	 



	50



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 




	Qualifications
	of the Administrator





	 




	The
	Administrator and any successor administrator must be (i) a bank, trust company, corporation or national banking association organized
	and doing business under the laws of the United States or any of its states, and authorized under such laws to exercise corporate
	trust powers and (ii) a participant in DTC or such other securities depository as shall then be acting with respect to the Shares,
	unless, in each case counsel to the Sponsor, the appointment of which is acceptable to the Administrator, determines that such
	requirement is not necessary for the exemption under section 408(m)(3)(B) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
	(the “Code”), to apply to a banking institution as defined in the Code.




	 





	Term





	 




	The
	Trust Servicing Agreement will be in effect for an initial term of [●] years from the commencement of the Trust’s
	operation, the first date on which the Administrator is entitled to receive fees under the Trust Servicing Agreement. The Trust
	Servicing Agreement automatically renews for additional one (1) year periods thereafter, unless terminated by the Trust or the
	Administrator on at least ninety (90) days’ prior written notice.




	 





	Termination





	 




	The
	Sponsor may terminate the Trust Servicing Agreement without cause prior to the end of its initial term by giving at least ninety
	(90) days prior written notice. The Sponsor or the Administrator may terminate the Trust Servicing Agreement in whole or in part
	if the Trust Custody Agreement is terminated. Either the Sponsor or the Administrator may terminate the Trust Servicing Agreement
	for cause for the reasons set forth in the Trust Servicing Agreement, such as either party’s bankruptcy or committing a
	material breach of the Trust Servicing Agreement. The Administrator also can terminate the Trust Servicing Agreement if the Sponsor
	is more than ninety (90) days delinquent in payments of monthly billings in connection with the Trust Servicing Agreement.




	 





	Expenses





	 




	The
	Sponsor will pay the Administrator for its services under the Trust Servicing Agreement, as well as the Administrator’s
	reimbursable expenses in connection with its services under the Trust Servicing Agreement.




	 





	Limitation
	on Administrator’s liability





	 




	The
	Administrator will not be liable for the disposition of ether or moneys, or in respect of any valuation or calculation which it
	makes under the Trust Servicing Agreement or otherwise, or for any action taken or omitted or for any loss or injury resulting
	from its actions or its performance or lack of performance of its duties under the Trust Servicing Agreement in the absence of
	gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on its part. In no event will the Administrator be liable for acting in accordance
	with or conclusively relying upon any instruction, notice, demand, certificate or document (i) from the Sponsor or the Custodian
	or any entity acting on behalf of either which the Administrator believes is given as authorized by the Trust Agreement and under
	the Trust Servicing Agreement or the Trust Custody Agreement, respectively; or (ii) from or on behalf of any Authorized Participant
	which the Administrator believes is given pursuant to or is authorized by an Authorized Participant Agreement (provided that the
	Administrator has complied with the verification procedures specified in the Authorized Participant Agreement). In no event will
	the Administrator be liable for acting or omitting to act in reliance upon the advice of or information from legal counsel, accountants
	or any other person believed by it in good faith to be competent to give such advice or information. In addition, the Administrator
	will not be liable for any delay in performance or for the non-performance of any of its obligations under the Trust Agreement
	and Trust Servicing Agreement by reason of causes beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, war or terrorism. The
	Administrator will not be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive or special damages, regardless of the form of action
	and whether or not any such damages were foreseeable or contemplated, or for an amount in excess of the value of the Trust’s
	assets.




	 




	The
	Administrator will not be not be answerable for the default of the Trustee or the Custodian or any entity acting on behalf of
	which Custodian or any successor custodian of the Trust engaged at the direction of the Sponsor. The Administrator may employ
	agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors and other professionals and shall not be answerable for the default or misconduct of
	any of them if they were selected with reasonable care. The fees and expenses charged by any successor custodians to the Trust,
	agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors or other professionals, and expenses reimbursable to any successor custodian under a
	custody agreement authorized by the Trust Agreement, exclusive of fees for services to be performed by the Administrator, will
	be expenses of the Sponsor or the Trust.



	 








	 



	51



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Administrator’s
	liability for agents





	 




	The
	Administrator may delegate to a reputable agent any of its functions under the Trust Servicing Agreement, although it will remain
	responsible under the Trust Servicing Agreement for its service thereunder. To the extent reasonably practicable, the Administrator
	will consult with the Sponsor before delegating a material portion of such services.




	 





	Taxes





	 




	The
	Administrator will not be personally liable for any taxes or other governmental charges imposed upon the Trust’s assets,
	including ether held in the Trust Custody Account, moneys or other Trust assets, or on the income therefrom or the gains or proceeds
	from the sale thereof, or upon it as Administrator in respect of the Trust or the Shares, which taxes or charges it may be required
	to pay under any present or future law of the United States of America or of any other taxing authority having jurisdiction. The
	Administrator will be reimbursed and indemnified out of the Trust’s assets for all such taxes and charges and for any expenses,
	including counsel’s fees, which the Administrator may sustain or incur with respect to such taxes or charges, and the payment
	of such amounts shall be secured by a lien on the Trust.




	 





	Indemnification
	of the Administrator





	 




	The
	Administrator, its directors, employees and agents shall be indemnified from the Trust and held harmless against any loss, liability
	or expense (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) arising out of or in connection with the
	performance of its obligations under the Trust Agreement and the Trust Servicing Agreement and under each other agreement entered
	into by the Administrator in furtherance of the administration of the Trust (including, without limiting the scope of the foregoing,
	any Authorized Participant Agreement) or for any other loss incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith
	in connection with the performance of its obligations under or any actions taken in accordance with the provisions of the Trust
	Agreement and Trust Servicing Agreement or any such other agreement. Such indemnity shall include payment from the Trust of the
	costs and expenses incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself against any claim or liability in its capacity as Administrator.
	Any amounts payable to an indemnified party may be payable in advance or shall be secured by a lien on the Trust.




	 





	Protection
	for amounts due to Administrator





	 




	As
	security for all obligations of the Trust, including those owed to the Administrator under the Trust Agreement and Trust Servicing
	Agreement, the Administrator is granted a continuing security interest in, and a lien on, the Trust’s assets and all Trust
	distributions.




	 





	Resignation,
	discharge or removal of Administrator; successor administrators





	 




	The
	Administrator may at any time resign as Administrator by written notice of its election to do so, if such resignation is delivered
	to the Sponsor, and such resignation shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Administrator and its acceptance of
	such appointment.




	 




	The
	Sponsor may remove the Administrator in its discretion by written notice delivered to the Administrator at least ninety (90) days
	prior to the date of removal.




	 




	The
	Sponsor may also immediately remove the Administrator at any time if the Administrator (i) ceases to be a Qualified Bank, (ii)
	is in material breach of its obligations under the Trust Agreement and Trust Servicing Agreement and fails to cure such breach
	within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from the Sponsor or holders acting on behalf of at least twenty-five (25)%
	of the outstanding Shares specifying such default and requiring the Administrator to cure such default, (iii) fails to consent
	to the implementation of an amendment to the Trust’s initial Internal Control Over Financial Reporting deemed necessary
	by the Sponsor and, after consultations with the Sponsor, the Sponsor and the Administrator fail to resolve their differences
	regarding such proposed amendment or (iv) fails to consent to the implementation of future regulatory requirements imposed on
	ether or the Trust by US or other governmental or quasi-governmental regulators. Under such circumstances, the Sponsor, acting
	on behalf of the holders of Shares, may remove the Administrator by written notice delivered to the Administrator and such removal
	shall take effect upon the appointment of a successor Administrator and its acceptance of such appointment.



	 








	 



	52



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	Sponsor may also immediately remove the Administrator at any time if the Administrator merges into, consolidates with or is converted
	into another corporation or entity in a transaction in which the Administrator is not the surviving entity. The surviving entity
	from such a transaction shall be the successor of the Administrator without the execution or filing of any document or any further
	act; however, during the ninety (90)-day period following the effectiveness of such transaction, the Sponsor may, by written notice
	to the Administrator, remove the Administrator and designate a successor administrator.




	 




	If
	the Administrator resigns or is removed, the Sponsor, acting on behalf of the holders of Shares, shall use its reasonable efforts
	to appoint a successor administrator, which shall be a Qualified Bank. Every successor administrator shall execute and deliver
	to its predecessor and to the Sponsor, acting on behalf of Shareholders, an instrument in writing accepting its appointment hereunder,
	and thereupon such successor administrator, without any further act or deed, shall become fully vested with all the rights, powers,
	duties and obligations of its predecessor under the Trust Agreement and Trust Servicing Agreement; but such predecessor, nevertheless,
	upon payment of all sums due it and on the written request of the Sponsor, acting on behalf of the holders of Shares, shall execute
	and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor all rights and powers of such predecessor hereunder, shall duly assign,
	transfer and deliver all right, title and interest in the Trust’s assets to such successor, and shall deliver to such successor
	a list of the holders of all outstanding Shares. The Sponsor or any such successor administrator shall promptly mail notice of
	the appointment of such successor administrator to the holders of Shares.




	 




	If
	the Administrator resigns and no successor administrator is appointed within ninety (90) days after the date the Administrator
	issues its notice of resignation, the Sponsor will act to terminate and direct its liquidation and the distribution of its remaining
	assets.




	 





	Governing
	law; consent to New York jurisdiction





	 




	The
	Trust Servicing Agreement is governed by New York law. The Administrator and the Sponsor both consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
	of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. Such consent
	is not required for any person to assert a claim of New York jurisdiction over the Administrator or the Sponsor.




	 







	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE TRUST AGENCY SERVICE PROVIDER AGREEMENT





	 




	The
	Trust Agreement establishes the role of the Administrator to the Trust, and the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement sets forth
	the rights and duties of the Administrator on behalf of the Trust acting in the capacity of the Trust Agency Service Provider
	(when acting in such capacity, the Administrator shall be referred to as the “Trust Agency Service Provider”). The
	following is a description of the material terms of the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement.




	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider provides transfer agent and related services with respect to the issuance and redemption of the
	Shares recording the issuance of the Shares and maintaining certain records therewith. The Trust Agency Service Provider coordinates
	with the Custodian to provide services with respect to the processing, clearance and settlement of creation and redemption orders
	for the Shares through the DTC.




	 





	Qualifications
	of the Trust Agency Service Provider





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider and any successor agency service provider must be (i) a bank, trust company, corporation or national
	banking association organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or any of its states, and authorized under
	such laws to exercise corporate trust powers, (ii) a participant in DTC or such other securities depository as shall then be acting
	with respect to the Shares and, unless, in each case, counsel to the Sponsor, the appointment of which is acceptable to the Trust
	Agency Service Provider, determines that such requirement is not necessary for the exemption under section 408(m)(3)(B) of the
	Code, to apply to a banking institution as defined in the Code.



	 








	 



	53



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Term





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement will be in effect for an initial term of [●] years from the commencement of the
	Trust’s operation, the first date on which the Trust Agency Service Provider is entitled to receive fees under the Trust
	Agency Service Provider Agreement. The Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement automatically renews for additional one (1) year
	periods thereafter, unless terminated by the Trust or the Administrator on at least ninety (90) days’ prior written notice.




	 





	Termination





	 




	The
	Sponsor may terminate the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement without cause prior to the end of its initial term by giving
	at least ninety (90) days prior written notice. The Sponsor or the Trust Agency Service Provider may terminate the Trust Agency
	Service Provider Agreement in whole or in part if the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement is terminated. Either the Sponsor
	or the Administrator may terminate the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement for cause for the reasons set forth in the Trust
	Agency Service Provider Agreement, such as either party’s bankruptcy or committing a material breach of the Trust Agency
	Service Provider Agreement. If the Trust Custody Agreement is terminated, the Trust Agency Service Provider may terminate the
	Trust Agency Services Provider Agreement in whole or in part simultaneously with the transition of assets to a successor custodian,
	if any. The Trust Agency Service Provider also can terminate the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement if the Sponsor is more
	than ninety (90) days delinquent in payments of monthly billings in connection with the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement.




	 





	Expenses





	 




	The
	Sponsor will pay the Trust Agency Service Provider for its services under the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement, as well
	as the Trust Agency Service Provider’s reimbursable expenses in connection with its services under the Trust Agency Service
	Provider Agreement.




	 





	Limitation
	on Trust Agency Service Provider’s liability





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider will not be liable for the disposition of ether or moneys, or in respect of any calculation which
	it makes under the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement or otherwise, or for any action taken or omitted or for any loss or
	injury resulting from its actions or its performance or lack of performance of its duties under the Trust Agency Service Provider
	Agreement in the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on its part. In no event will the Trust Agency Service
	Provider be liable for acting in accordance with or conclusively relying upon any instruction, notice, demand, certificate or
	document (i) from the Sponsor, the Administrator or the Custodian or any entity acting on behalf of any of them which the Trust
	Agency Service Provider believes is given as authorized by the Trust Agreement, the Trust Servicing Agreement or the Trust Custody
	Agreement, respectively; or (ii) from or on behalf of any Authorized Participant which the trust Agency Service Provider believes
	is given pursuant to or is authorized by an Authorized Participant Agreement (provided that the Trust Agency Service Provider
	has complied with the verification procedures specified in the Authorized Participant Agreement). In no event will the Trust Agency
	Service Provider be liable for acting or omitting to act in reliance upon the advice of or information from legal counsel, accountants
	or any other person believed by it in good faith to be competent to give such advice or information. In addition, the Trust Agency
	Service Provider will not be liable for any delay in performance or for the non-performance of any of its obligations under the
	Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement by reason of causes beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, war or terrorism.
	The Trust Agency Service Provider will not be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive or special damages, regardless
	of the form of action and whether or not any such damages were foreseeable or contemplated, or for an amount in excess of the
	value of the Trust’s assets.




	 




	The
	Administrator will not be not be answerable for the default of the Trustee, the Administrator or the Custodian or any entity acting
	on behalf of which Custodian or any successor custodian of the Trust engaged at the direction of the Sponsor. The Trust Agency
	Service provider may employ agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors and other professionals and shall not be answerable for the
	default or misconduct of any of them if they were selected with reasonable care. The fees and expenses charged by any successor
	custodians to the Trust, agents, attorneys, accountants, auditors or other professionals, and expenses reimbursable to any successor
	custodian under a custody agreement authorized by the Trust Agreement, exclusive of fees for services to be performed by the Trust
	Agency Service Provider, will be expenses of the Sponsor or the Trust.



	 








	 



	54



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	Trust
	Agency Service Provider’s liability for agents





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider may delegate to a reputable agent any of its functions under the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement,
	although it will remain responsible under the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement for its service thereunder. To the extent
	reasonably practicable, the Trust Agency Service Provider will consult with the Sponsor before delegating a material portion of
	such services.




	 





	Taxes





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider will not be personally liable for any taxes or other governmental charges imposed upon the Trust’s
	assets, including ether held in the Trust Custody Account, moneys or other Trust assets, or on the income therefrom or the gains
	or proceeds from the sale thereof, or upon it as Trust Agency Service Provider in respect of the Trust or the Shares, which taxes
	or charges it may be required to pay under any present or future law of the United States of America or of any other taxing authority
	having jurisdiction. The Trust Agency Service Provider will be reimbursed and indemnified out of the Trust’s assets for
	all such taxes and charges and for any expenses, including counsel’s fees, which the Trust Agency Service Provider may sustain
	or incur with respect to such taxes or charges, and the payment of such amounts shall be secured by a lien on the Trust.




	 





	Indemnification
	of the Trust Agency Service Provider





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider, its directors, employees and agents shall be indemnified by the Trust and held harmless against
	any loss, liability or expense (including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) arising out of or
	in connection with the performance of its obligations under the Trust Agreement and the Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement
	and under each other agreement entered into by the Trust Agency Service Provider in furtherance of the administration of the Trust
	(including, without limiting the scope of the foregoing, any Authorized Participant Agreement) or for any other loss incurred
	without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith in connection with the performance of its obligations under or any actions
	taken in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement and Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement or any such other agreement.
	Such indemnity shall include payment from the Trust of the costs and expenses incurred by such indemnified party in defending
	itself against any claim or liability in its capacity as Trust Agency Service Provider. Any amounts payable to an indemnified
	party may be payable in advance or shall be secured by a lien on the Trust.




	 





	Protection
	for amounts due to Trust Agency Service Provider





	 




	As
	security for all obligations of the Trust, including those owed to the Trust Agency Service Provider under the Trust Agency Service
	Provider Agreement, the Trust Agency Service Provider is granted a continuing security interest in, and a lien on, the Trust’s
	assets and all Trust distributions.




	 





	Governing
	law; consent to New York jurisdiction





	 




	The
	Trust Agency Service Provider Agreement is governed by New York law. The Trust Agency Service Provider and the Sponsor both consent
	to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan
	in New York City. Such consent is not required for any person to assert a claim of New York jurisdiction over the Trust Agency
	Service Provider or the Sponsor.




	 







	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE TRUST CUSTODY AGREEMENT





	 




	The
	Trust Agreement establishes the role of the Custodian and the Trust Custody Account, which is maintained and operated by the Custodian
	on behalf of the Trust pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Custody Agreement. For a general description of the Custodian’s
	obligations, see “The Custodian —The Custodian’s Role.” The following is a description of the material
	terms of the Trust Agreement and the Trust Custody Agreement as they relate to the custody of the Trust’s ether.




	 





	Location
	and segregation of ether





	 




	Ether
	will be held in the Trust Custody Account by the Custodian through the control and use of the private keys needed to access the
	Trust’s account balances on the Ethereum Network. The Custodian will use the public ether addresses created and maintained
	for the Trust Custody Account solely to hold ether delivered into the Trust Custody Account. The Custodian will store the private
	keys associated with each public ether address. The Custodian shall, in accordance with the security and safekeeping procedures
	of the Trust’s custodial arrangements, maintain backups of the private keys that control the Trust’s ether.



	 








	 



	55



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	Custodian will keep and store the Trust’s ether in the Trust Custody Account, segregated from any other assets, including
	ether, which it owns or holds or controls for others, using its cold storage system. The Custodian’s books and records are
	expected to account for the ether held in the Trust Custody Account.




	 




	The
	Custodian will arrange for its policies and procedures as well as “proof of control” to be audited periodically by
	an external auditor.




	 





	Transfer
	confirmation policy





	 




	The
	Custodian will follow the Confirmation Protocol while administering the transfers of ether into and out of the Trust Custody Account,
	any Authorized Participant’s account, the Sponsor Custody Account and the Trust Expense Account. See “Overview of
	the Ether Industry and Market—Cryptographic Security Used in the Ether Network.”




	 





	Transfers
	into the Trust Custody Account





	 




	The
	Custodian will transfer to and deposit into the Trust Custody Account the ether it receives from an Authorized Participant or
	from another third party authorized by the Sponsor for delivery to the Trust Custody Account pursuant to written instructions
	received from the Administrator. Unless otherwise agreed by the Custodian in writing, the only ether the Trust will accept for
	delivery into the Trust Custody Account are ether that the Custodian has received from an Authorized Participant or from another
	third party authorized by the Sponsor for delivery to the Trust Custody Account pursuant to the Administrator’s instructions.




	 





	Transfers
	from the Trust Custody Account





	 




	The
	Custodian will transfer ether from the Trust Custody Account only in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Agreement, the
	Authorized Participant Agreements and the Administrator’s written instructions. The ether held by the Custodian on behalf
	of the Trust will only be transferred out of the Trust Custody Account in the following circumstances: (i) if the ether is to
	be distributed to an Authorized Participant in connection with a redemption of one or more Baskets; (ii) if the ether is to be
	transferred to the Sponsor’s Custody Account to pay the Sponsor’s Fee; or (iii) if the ether is to be transferred
	to the Trust Expense Account in connection with the payment of expenses not assumed by the Sponsor, or other transfers permitted
	under the Trust Agreement. Transfers made pursuant to clause (iii) are expected to include transfers made in connection with a
	sale of ether to pay expenses of the Trust not assumed by the Sponsor or with the liquidation of the Trust. On days in which there
	are both deposits into and withdrawals from the Trust Custody Account, the Custodian may make distributions with deposited ether,
	without first transferring such ether into the Trust Custody Account.




	 





	Right
	to refuse transfers or amend transfer procedures





	 




	The
	Custodian will refuse to accept instructions to transfer ether into and out of the Trust Custody Account if, in the written opinion
	of the Administrator, such instructions are in improper form, or such transfer would be contrary to any applicable law, or a threat
	to the security of the Trust’s assets. The Custodian may amend the procedures for transferring ether into or out of the
	Trust Custody Account or impose such additional procedures in relation to the transfer of ether into or out of the Trust Custody
	Account as the Custodian may from time to time consider necessary due to a (i) change in rules of a banking or regulatory association
	governing the Custodian’s operations or governing the storage of Digital Assets such as ether or (ii) any improvement in
	security, storage or transfer protocols or systems relating to ether that the Custodian, Administrator or the Sponsor believes
	would enhance the Custodian’s ability to secure the Trust’s ether. The Custodian will notify the Sponsor within a
	commercially reasonable time before the Custodian amends these procedures or imposes additional ones.




	 





	Reports





	 




	The
	Custodian will maintain daily reports for each Business Day identifying the transfers of ether into and out of the Trust Custody
	Account and containing sufficient information to account for the ether held in the Trust Custody Account and provide such reports
	to the Administrator each Business Day. The Custodian will also produce monthly statements of account for the Trust Custody Account
	as of the last Business Day of each month.



	 








	 



	56



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	The
	Custodian’s records of all transfers of ether into and out of the Trust Custody Account which are to occur on a Business
	Day, and all end of Business Day account balances in the Trust Custody Account, are stated as of [●], Eastern time on such
	Business Day.




	 





	Exclusion
	of liability





	 




	The
	Custodian will use reasonable care in the performance of its custodial duties under the Trust Custody Agreement and the Authorized
	Participant Agreements and will only be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by the Trust as a direct result of any gross
	negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith in the performance of its duties. The Custodian’s liability for custodial operations
	under the Trust Custody Agreement and the Authorized Participant Agreements is further limited to the market value of the ether
	lost or damaged at the time such gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith is discovered by the Custodian, provided that
	the Custodian promptly notifies the Administrator and the Sponsor of its discovery.




	 





	Indemnity





	 




	Neither
	the Trust nor its ether will be separately insured.




	 




	The
	Custodian will be indemnified (on an after-tax basis), solely out of the Trust’s assets and on demand, against all costs
	and expenses, damages, liabilities and losses which the Custodian may suffer or incur in connection with its custodial operations
	under the Trust Agreement, the Trust Custody Agreement and the Authorized Participant Agreements, except to the extent that such
	sums are due directly to the Custodian’s gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith.




	 





	Force
	majeure





	 




	The
	Custodian will not be liable for any delay in performance or any non-performance of any of its custodial obligations under the
	Trust Custody Agreement by reason of any cause beyond its reasonable control, including acts of God, war or terrorism.




	 





	Termination





	 




	The
	Trust Custody Agreement has an initial term of [●] years, subject to certain termination provisions discussed in “Description
	of the Trust Custody Agreement.” The Custodian or the Sponsor may, upon ninety (90) business days’ prior notice, terminate
	the custodial relationship of the Custodian to the Trust for any reason, including if the Custodian ceases to offer the services
	contemplated by the custodial arrangements set forth in the Trust Custody Agreement to its clients or proposes to withdraw from
	the Digital Asset storage business. The custody arrangements set forth in the Trust Custody Agreement may also be terminated with
	immediate effect as follows: (i) by the Sponsor, if the Custodian ceased to offer the services contemplated by the custodial arrangements
	set forth in the Trust Custody Agreement; (ii) by the Custodian or the Sponsor, if it becomes unlawful for the Custodian to have
	entered into the agreement or to provide or receive the services thereunder; (iii) by the Sponsor, if the Sponsor determines in
	its reasonable view that the Trust is insolvent or faces impending insolvency, or by the Sponsor, if the Sponsor determines in
	its sole view that the Custodian is insolvent or faces impending insolvency; or (iv) by the Custodian or the Sponsor, if the Trust
	Custody Agreement ceases to be in full force and effect. The Custodian also can terminate the Trust Custody Agreement if the Sponsor
	is more than ninety (90) delinquent in payments of monthly billings in connection with the Trust Custody Agreement.




	 




	Upon
	termination of the custodial arrangements between the Custodian and the Trust set forth in the Trust Custody Agreement, the Sponsor
	shall enter into a trust custody account agreement with a custodian capable of performing the services originally performed by
	the Custodian. Such trust custody account agreement shall set forth substantially similar terms for the custody of the Trust’s
	ether with such new custodian.




	 




	If
	redelivery arrangements acceptable to the Sponsor for the ether held in the Trust Custody Account by the Custodian are not made,
	the Custodian may continue to store the ether and continue to charge for its fees and expenses, and, after six (6) months from
	the termination date, the Custodian may sell the ether and account to the Trust for the proceeds.



	 








	 



	57



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	In
	the event that the Sponsor determines that the maintenance of all or some of the Trust’s ether with a particular custodian
	is not in the best interests of Shareholders, the Sponsor will direct the Administrator to initiate action to remove such ether
	from the custody of such custodian or take such other action as the Administrator determines appropriate to safeguard the interests
	of Shareholders. The Administrator shall have no liability for any such action taken at the direction of the Sponsor or, in the
	absence of such direction, any action taken by it in good faith.




	 





	Governing
	law; consent to New York jurisdiction





	 




	The
	Trust Custody Agreement is governed by New York law. The Custodian and the Sponsor both consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
	of the courts of the State of New York and the federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan in New York City. Such consent
	is not required for any person to assert a claim of New York jurisdiction over the Custodian or the Sponsor.





	 








	UNITED
	STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES




	 




	The
	following is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences that generally apply to the purchase,
	ownership and disposition of the Shares by a U.S. Holder (as defined below), and certain U.S. federal income tax consequences
	that may apply to an investment in the Shares by a Non-U.S.Holder (as defined below). The discussion represents, insofar as it
	describes conclusions as to U.S. federal income tax law and subject to the limitations and qualifications described below and
	assuming full compliance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and other documents governing the Trust, the opinion of Buchanan
	Ingersoll & Rooney PC, counsel to the Sponsor. An opinion of counsel is not binding on the IRS or on the courts, and there
	can be no assurance that the IRS will not take a different position concerning the matters discussed below or that any such position
	would not be sustained by a court of law. No rulings have been or will be sought from the IRS with respect to the matters discussed
	below.




	 




	The
	discussion below is based on the Code, Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code, judicial decisions and published rulings
	and administrative pronouncements of the IRS, all as in effect on the date of this Prospectus. These authorities are subject to
	change either prospectively or retroactively, which may result in tax consequences different from those discussed below. The tax
	treatment of Shareholders may vary depending upon their own particular circumstances, and this discussion does not purport to
	address all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to Shareholders. For example, this discussion does not address tax consequences
	that may be relevant to certain investors subject to special rules under the Code, including broker-dealers, traders, banks and
	other financial institutions, insurance companies, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, tax-exempt entities,
	holders liable for alternative minimum tax, pension plans, holders that hold Shares in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts,
	“controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies,” and holders whose functional
	currency is not the U.S. dollar. In addition, the following discussion applies only to investors who will hold Shares as “capital
	assets” within the meaning of Code section 1221 and not as part of a straddle, hedging transaction or a conversion or constructive
	sale or other integrated transaction. This discussion further assumes that ether contributed to the Trust was acquired for cash.
	Moreover, the discussion below does not address any tax consequences arising under any state, local or foreign tax law, any other
	U.S. federal tax laws, including estate and gift tax laws, or other transfer tax on an owner of Shares. Purchasers of Shares are
	urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to all federal, state, local and foreign tax law or any estate, gift or other
	transfer tax considerations potentially applicable to their investment in the Shares.




	 




	For
	purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of Shares that is:




	 








	●




	An
	individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;







	 


	 


	 








	●



	A
	corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes)
	created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any political subdivision
	thereof;















	 


	 


	 








	●



	An
	estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax
	purposes regardless of its source; or





	 


	 


	 




















	●



	A
	trust, if (i) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision
	over the administration of the trust and one or more US persons have the authority to
	control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) the trust has a valid election
	in effect under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person.















	 






	 



	58



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS





	 



	For
	purposes of this discussion, a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of Shares that, for U.S. federal income tax
	purposes, is an individual, corporation, estate or trust and that is not a U.S. Holder.




	 




	For
	U.S. federal income tax purposes, the treatment of any beneficial owner of an interest in an entity treated as a partnership for
	U.S. federal income tax purposes, will generally depend upon the status of the partner and upon the activities of the partnership.
	Partnerships and other entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and beneficial owners of
	interests therein should consult their tax advisors about the U.S. federal income tax consequences of purchasing, owning and disposing
	of the Shares.




	 




	Taxation
	of the Trust




	 




	The
	Trust will be classified as a “grantor trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As such, the Trust itself will
	not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, the Trust’s income and expenses will “flow through” to holders
	of the Shares, and the Administrator will report the Trust’s income, gains, losses and deductions to the IRS on that basis.
	However, there is no direct authority governing the U.S. federal income tax classification of the Trust, and there can be no assurance
	that the IRS will not assert a contrary position or that a court would not sustain such assertion. The balance of this discussion
	assumes that the Trust will be treated as a “grantor trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes.




	 




	Characterization
	of Ether




	 




	On
	March 25, 2014, the IRS released guidance on the treatment of convertible virtual currencies (such as ether) for U.S. federal
	income tax purposes. The guidance classifies ether as “property” that is not currency for U.S. federal income tax
	purposes and clarifies that ether can be held as capital assets. The guidance further states that general tax principles applicable
	to property transactions apply to transactions using ether. Therefore, a person that holds ether as capital assets and sells the
	ether or transfers ether in exchange for other property or services may recognize a capital gain or loss upon such sale or transfer.




	 




	The
	treatment of ether for U.S. federal income tax purposes remains unclear in several respects. Furthermore, legislation has previously
	been introduced and may be introduced in the future that would change the tax considerations of an investment in ether and in
	the Shares. Future legislation or guidance issued by the IRS regarding the tax treatment of ether for U.S. federal income tax
	purposes may result in tax consequences to Shareholders that are materially different than those described herein.




	 




	Taxation
	of U.S. Shareholders




	 




	Holders
	of the Shares generally will be treated, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as if they directly owned a pro rata share of the
	underlying assets held by the Trust. Holders also will be treated as if they directly received their respective pro rata shares
	of the Trust’s income, if any, and as if they directly incurred their respective pro rata shares of the Trust’s expenses.
	In the case of a holder that purchases Shares for cash, its initial tax basis in its pro rata share of the assets held by the
	Trust at the time it acquires its Shares will be equal to its cost of acquiring the Shares. In the case of a holder that acquires
	its Shares through the creation of a Basket, the delivery of ether to the Trust in exchange for Shares generally will not be a
	taxable event to the holder, and the Shareholder’s tax basis and holding period for the Shares generally will be the same
	as its tax basis and holding period for the ether delivered in exchange therefor. The balance of this discussion assumes that
	all of a holder’s Shares are acquired on the same date and at the same price per Share. Holders that hold multiple lots
	of Shares, or that are contemplating acquiring multiple lots of Shares, should consult their tax advisors.




	 




	When
	the Trust sells or transfers ether, for example to pay expenses, a holder of Shares generally will recognize gain or loss in an
	amount equal to the difference between (i) the holder’s pro rata share of the amount realized by the Trust upon the sale
	or transfer of the ether and (ii) the holder’s tax basis in its pro rata share of the ether that was sold or transferred.
	Based on the IRS guidance described above, such gain or loss will generally be long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, depending
	upon whether the holder is treated as having held the ether that were sold or transferred for more than one year. A holder’s
	tax basis for its share of any ether sold or transferred by the Trust generally will be determined by multiplying the holder’s
	total basis for its share of the Trust’s ether immediately prior to the sale or transfer by a fraction, the numerator of
	which is the number of ether sold or transferred, and the denominator of which is the total number of the ether held by the Trust
	immediately prior to the sale or transfer. After any such sale or transfer, a holder’s tax basis for its pro rata share
	of the remaining ether held by the Trust will be equal to its tax basis for its Shares immediately prior to the sale or transfer,
	less the portion of such basis allocable to its share of the ether sold or transferred.



	 








	 



	59



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 





	Upon
	a holder’s sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of some or all of its Shares, the holder will be treated as having
	sold, exchanged or disposed of a pro rata share of the ether held by the Trust at the time of the sale, exchange or other disposition.
	Accordingly, the holder generally will recognize gain or loss on the sale, exchange or other disposition in an amount equal to
	the difference between (i) the amount realized on the sale, exchange or disposition of Shares and (ii) the holder’s tax
	basis for the portion of its pro rata share of the ether held by the Trust at such time that is attributable to the Shares sold,
	exchanged or disposed of.




	 




	A
	redemption of some or all of a holder’s Shares in exchange for the underlying ether represented by the Shares redeemed generally
	will not be a taxable event to the holder. The holder’s tax basis for the ether received in the redemption generally will
	be the same as the holder’s tax basis for the portion of its pro rata share of the ether held by the Trust immediately prior
	to the redemption that is attributable to the Shares redeemed. The holder’s holding period with respect to the ether received
	should include the period during which the Shareholder held the Shares redeemed. A subsequent sale or transfer of the ether received
	by the holder will be a taxable event.




	 




	A
	holder’s ability to deduct its share of any capital losses of the Trust is subject to certain limitations. holders are urged
	to consult their own tax advisors regarding the deductibility of capital losses incurred with respect to an investment in the
	Trust.




	 




	The
	Code generally imposes an additional 3.8% Medicare contribution tax on the net investment income of certain individuals, trusts
	and estates to the extent their income exceeds certain threshold amounts. Holders are advised to consult their tax advisors regarding
	the possible implications of this additional tax on their investment in the Shares.




	 




	Brokerage
	Fees and Trust Expenses




	 




	Any
	brokerage or other transaction fee incurred by a holder in purchasing the Shares will be treated as part of the holder’s
	tax basis in its pro rata share of the assets held by the Trust. Similarly, any brokerage fee incurred by a holder in selling
	Shares will reduce the amount realized by the holder with respect to the sale.




	 




	Holders
	will be required to recognize gain or loss on a sale or transfer of ether by the Trust (as discussed above), even though some
	or all of the proceeds of such sale are used, or the ether is transferred by the Administrator to pay Trust expenses. Holders
	may deduct their respective pro rata shares of each expense incurred by the Trust to the same extent as if they directly incurred
	the expense. Holders who are individuals, estates or trusts will be required to treat expenses of the Trust, to the extent that
	such expenses may be deducted, including as limited by applicable Code provisions, as miscellaneous itemized deductions. Individuals
	may deduct certain miscellaneous itemized deductions only to the extent they exceed two (2) percent of adjusted gross income.
	In addition, such deductions are not deductible at all for alternative minimum tax purposes.




	 




	United
	States Information Reporting and Backup Withholding for U.S. and Non-U.S. Holders




	 




	The
	Administrator, Trust Agency Service Provider or the appropriate broker will file certain information returns with the IRS, and
	provide certain tax-related information to holders, in accordance with applicable Treasury Regulations. Each holder will be provided
	annually with information regarding its allocable portion of the Trust’s income (if any) and expenses.




	 




	A
	U.S. Holder may be subject to U.S. backup withholding if such holder fails to provide to the Trust his or her correct taxpayer
	identification number, has under-reported dividend or interest income, or fails to certify that he or she is not subject to such
	withholding. Non-U.S. Hlders may have to comply with certification procedures to establish that they are not U.S. persons in order
	to avoid backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amount withheld may be credited against a holder’s
	U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the holder furnishes the appropriate information to the IRS.




	 




	U.S.
	Federal Income Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders




	 




	The
	Trust does not expect to generate taxable income except for gain (if any) upon the sale or transfer of ether. A Non-U.S. Holder
	generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to gain recognized upon the sale or other disposition of
	the Shares, or upon the sale or transfer of ether by the Trust, unless (i) the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual and is present
	in the United States for one hundred and eighty-three (183) days or more during the taxable year of the sale, transfer or other
	disposition, and the gain is treated as being from U.S. sources; or (ii) the gain is (or is treated as) effectively connected
	with the conduct by the Non-U.S. Shareholder of a trade or business in the United States.



	 








	 



	60



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	Taxation
	in Jurisdictions other than the United States




	 




	Prospective
	purchasers of the Shares that are citizens or residents of, based in, or acting out of a jurisdiction other than the United States
	are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences, under the laws of such jurisdiction, of their purchase,
	holding, sale or redemption of or any other dealing in the Shares and, in particular, as to whether any value added tax, other
	consumption tax or transfer tax is payable in relation to such purchase, holding, sale, redemption or other dealing.




	 






	ERISA
	AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS




	 




	The
	Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), and/or Code section 4975 impose certain requirements
	on employee benefit plans and certain other plans and arrangements, including individual retirement accounts and annuities, Keogh
	plans, and certain collective investment funds or insurance company general or separate accounts in which such plans or arrangements
	are invested, that are subject to ERISA and/or the Code (collectively, “Plans”), and on persons who are fiduciaries
	with respect to the investment of assets treated as “plan assets” of a Plan. Government plans and some church plans
	are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA or the provisions of section 4975 of the Code, but may be
	subject to substantially similar rules under state or other federal law.




	 




	In
	contemplating an investment of a portion of Plan assets in the Shares, the Plan fiduciary responsible for making such investment
	should carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances of the Plan, the “Risk Factors” discussed
	above and whether such investment is consistent with its fiduciary responsibilities, including, but not limited to (i) whether
	the fiduciary has the authority to make the investment under the appropriate governing plan instrument, (ii) whether the investment
	would constitute a direct or indirect non-exempt prohibited transaction with a party in interest, (iii) the Plan’s funding
	objectives, and (iv) whether under the general fiduciary standards of investment prudence and diversification such investment
	is appropriate for the Plan, taking into account the overall investment policy of the Plan, the composition of the Plan’s
	investment portfolio and the Plan’s need for sufficient liquidity to pay benefits when due.




	 




	Under
	the Department of Labor’s regulations at § 2510.3-101, as amended by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset
	Regulations”), if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity that is “a publicly-offered security,” the
	entity will not be deemed to hold “plan assets” subject to ERISA, and a party managing the assets of such entity will
	not be subject to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. A “publicly-offered
	security” is a security that is freely transferable, part of a class of securities that is widely held, and is either (i)
	part of a class of securities registered under section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, or (ii) sold to the plan as part of
	an offering of securities to the public pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and the class
	of securities of which such security is a part is registered under the Exchange Act within one hundred and twenty (120) days (or
	such later time as may be allowed by the Securities and Exchange Commission) after the end of the fiscal year of the issuer during
	which the offering of such securities to the public occurred. Whether a security is “freely transferable” is a factual
	question determined on the basis of facts and circumstances. A class of securities is “widely-held” if it is a class
	of securities that is owned by one hundred (100) or more investors independent of the issuer and of one another. The issuer expects
	that the above requirements will be satisfied and the Shares will be “publicly traded securities” within the meaning
	of the Plan Asset Regulations.




	 




	Investment
	by Certain Retirement Plans




	 




	Individual
	retirement accounts (IRAs) and participant-directed accounts under tax-qualified retirement plans are limited in the types of
	investments they may make under the Code. Potential purchasers of the Shares that are IRAs or participant-directed accounts under
	a Code section 401(a) plan should consult with their own tax advisors as to the consequences of a purchase of the Shares.



	 








	 



	61



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 








	PLAN
	OF DISTRIBUTION




	 




	In
	addition to, and independent of, the Seed Baskets purchased by the Initial Purchaser (described below), the Trust will issue Shares
	in Baskets to Authorized Participants in exchange for delivery of ether on a continuous basis. The Trust will not issue or redeem
	fractions of a Basket. Because new Shares can be issued and sold on an ongoing basis, at any point during the life of the Trust,
	a “distribution,” as such term is used in the Securities Act, will be occurring. Broker-dealers and other persons
	are cautioned that some of their activities will result in their being deemed participants in a distribution of Shares in a manner
	which would render them statutory underwriters and subject them to the prospectus delivery and liability provisions of the Securities
	Act. For example, a broker-dealer firm or its client will be deemed a statutory underwriter if it purchases a Basket from the
	Trust, breaks the Basket down into its constituent Shares and sells the Shares directly to its customers, or if it chooses to
	couple the creation of a new Basket with an active selling effort involving solicitation of secondary market demand for the Shares.
	A determination of whether a particular market participant is an underwriter must take into account all the facts and circumstances
	pertaining to the activities of the broker-dealer or its client in the particular case, and the examples mentioned above should
	not be considered a complete description of all the activities that could lead to designation as an underwriter.




	 




	The
	Initial Purchaser intends to distribute the Seed Baskets of the Shares by selling such Shares on [EXCHANGE]. As a result, in the
	context of the distribution of the Seed Baskets of the Shares, the Initial Purchaser will be deemed to be an underwriter.




	 




	Investors
	that purchase the Shares through a commission/fee-based brokerage account may pay commissions/fees charged by the brokerage account.
	Investors should review the terms of their brokerage accounts for details on applicable charges.




	 




	Dealers
	that are not “underwriters” but are participating in a distribution of Shares (as contrasted to ordinary secondary
	trading transactions), and thus dealing with the Shares that are part of an “unsold allotment” within the meaning
	of Section 4(3)(C) of the Securities Act, would be unable to take advantage of the prospectus delivery exemption provided by Section
	4(3) of the Securities Act.




	 




	The
	Sponsor intends to qualify the Shares in states selected by the Sponsor and that sales be made through broker-dealers who are
	members of FINRA. Investors intending to create or redeem Baskets through Authorized Participants in transactions not involving
	a broker-dealer registered in such investor’s state of domicile or residence should consult their legal advisor regarding
	applicable broker-dealer or securities regulatory requirements under the state securities laws prior to such creation or redemption.




	 




	On
	[●], 2016, the Initial Purchaser purchased [●] Shares which comprised the Seed Baskets. The Initial Purchaser intends
	to reoffer the Seed Baskets at a per Share offering price that will vary, depending on, among other factors, the EtherIndex Price
	and the trading price of the Shares on [EXCHANGE]. The Initial Purchaser will not receive a fee, or any other form of compensation
	or inducement from either the Sponsor or the Trust, and no Initial Purchaser has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor
	or the Trust to effect any sale or resale of the Shares.




	 




	The
	Trust will not bear any expenses in connection with the issuance the Seed Baskets of the Shares.




	 




	The
	offering of Baskets is being made in compliance with Conduct Rule 2310 of FINRA. Neither the Authorized Participants nor the Initial
	Purchaser will receive a fee, or any other form of compensation or inducement from either the Sponsor or the Trust, and no Authorized
	Participant or Initial Purchaser has any obligation or responsibility to the Sponsor or the Trust to effect any sale or resale
	of the Shares. Accordingly, there is, and will be, no payment of underwriting compensation in connection with any such offering
	of the Shares in excess of ten (10) percent of the gross proceeds of the offering.




	 




	The
	Initial Purchaser may be an Authorized Participant, but will not act as an Authorized Participant with respect to the Seed Baskets,
	and its activities with respect to the Seed Baskets will be distinct from those of an Authorized Participant.




	 




	The
	Shares will be listed and trade on [EXCHANGE] under the symbol “[TICKER].”





	 








	LEGAL
	MATTERS




	 




	The
	validity of the Shares will be passed upon for the Sponsor by Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC, Pennsylvania, who will also
	render an opinion, subject to certain limitations and qualifications, regarding the material U.S. federal income tax consequences
	relating to the Shares.



	 








	 



	62



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS







	 








	EXPERTS




	 




	The
	financial statement included in this Prospectus has been audited by [AUDITOR], an independent registered public accounting firm,
	as stated in their report appearing herein. Such financial statement is included in reliance upon the report of such firm given
	upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.





	 








	WHERE
	YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION




	 




	The
	Sponsor has filed on behalf of the Trust a registration statement on Form S-1 with the SEC under the Securities Act. This Prospectus
	does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement (including the exhibits to the registration statement),
	parts of which have been omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information about the Trust
	or the Shares, please refer to the registration statement, which you may inspect, without charge, at the public reference facilities
	of the SEC at the below address or online at www.sec.gov, or obtain at prescribed rates from the public reference facilities of
	the SEC at the below address. Information about the Trust and the Shares can also be obtained from the Trust’s website.
	The internet address of the Trust’s website is www.[●].com. This internet address is only provided here as a convenience
	to you to allow you to access the Trust’s website, and the information contained on or connected to the Trust’s website
	is not part of this Prospectus or the registration statement of which this Prospectus is part.




	 




	The
	Trust is subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sponsor, on behalf of the Trust, will file quarterly
	and annual reports and other information with the SEC. The Sponsor will file an updated prospectus annually for the Trust pursuant
	to the Securities Act. The reports and other information can be inspected at the public reference facilities of the SEC located
	at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 and online at www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of such material from the public
	reference facilities of the SEC at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549, at prescribed rates. You may obtain more information
	concerning the operation of the public reference facilities of the SEC by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 or visiting online
	at

	www.sec.gov

	.




	 






	GLOSSARY
	OF DEFINED TERMS




	 




	In
	this Prospectus, each of the following quoted terms has the meanings set forth after such term:




	 




	“Administrator”—[

	●

	],
	a [

	●

	], serves as the Administrator to the Trust under the Trust Servicing Agreement.




	 




	“Authorized
	Participant”—A market participant who (i) is a registered broker-dealer or other securities market participant such
	as a bank or other financial institution which is not required to register as a broker-dealer to engage in securities transactions,
	(ii) is a direct participant in the DTC, and (iii) has entered into an Authorized Participant Agreement with the Administrator
	and the Sponsor. To facilitate the creation and redemption of Baskets, Authorized Participants may, but are not required to, establish
	an ether custody account with the Custodian. Only Authorized Participants may place orders to create or redeem one or more Baskets.




	 




	“Authorized
	Participant Agreement”—An agreement entered into by an Authorized Participant, the Sponsor and the Administrator which
	provides the procedures for the creation and redemption of Baskets and for the delivery of the ether and distribution of the Shares
	required for such creations and redemptions.




	 




	“Basket”—A
	block of [●] Shares.




	 




	“Blockchain”—The
	public transaction ledger of the Ethereum Network on which miners or mining pools solve algorithmic equations allowing them to
	add records of recent transactions (called “blocks”) to the chain of transactions in exchange for an award of ether
	from the Ethereum Network and the payment of transaction fees, if any, from users whose transactions are recorded in the block
	being added.




	 




	“Book
	Entry System”—The Federal Reserve Treasury Book Entry System for United States and federal agency securities.




	 




	“Business
	Day” means any day that [EXCHANGE] is open for regular trading.




	 




	“CEA”—Commodity
	Exchange Act of 1936, as amended.



	 








	 



	63



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	“CFTC”—The
	U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, an independent agency with the mandate to regulate commodity futures and option markets
	in the United States.




	 




	“Clearing
	Trust Agency”—Any clearing agency or similar system other than the Book Entry System or DTC.




	 




	“Code”—The
	U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.




	 




	“Confirmation
	Protocol”—The protocol of the Trust whereby the Administrator will not deem a transfer of ether completed (and thereby
	available for further transfer) until the transaction has been recorded in a block and five (5) consecutive subsequent blocks
	referring back to such block have been added to the Blockchain.




	 




	“Creation
	Basket”— An order placed by an Authorized Participant with the Administrator to create one or more Baskets. The number
	of ether required for delivery to the Trust to create a Basket is the equivalent of the net asset value of [●] Shares.




	 




	“Custodian”—
	[●], a [●], serving in the role of Custodian under the Trust Custody Agreement.




	 




	“DDoS
	Attack”—Distributed denial-of-service-attack is a coordinated hacking attempt to disrupt websites, web servers or
	computer networks in which an attacker bombards an online target with a large quantity of external requests, thus precluding the
	target from processing requests from genuine users.




	 




	“Digital
	Assets”—Collectively, all digital assets based upon a computer-generated cryptographic protocol that may, among other
	things, be used to buy and sell goods or pay for services. Ether represents one type of Digital Asset.




	 




	“Digital
	Asset ETP”—An exchange-traded product that seeks to track the price of a Digital Asset such as ether.




	 




	“DSTA”—The
	Delaware Statutory Trust Act, as amended.




	 




	“DTC”—The
	Depository Trust Company. The DTC is a limited purpose trust company organized under New York law, a member of the U.S. Federal
	Reserve System and a clearing agency registered with the SEC. The DTC will act as the securities depository for the Shares.




	 




	“DTC
	Participant”—A direct participant in the DTC, such as a bank, broker, dealer or trust company.




	 




	“Ether”—A
	type of a Digital Asset based on an open source protocol existing on the Ethereum Network and utilizing cryptographic security.
	Ether constitutes the assets underlying the Trust’s Shares. See “Overview of the Ether Industry and Market.”




	 




	“Ether
	Exchange”—An online marketplace with a central limit order book, where market participants may buy, sell and trade
	ether. The largest Ether Exchanges are typically open on a twenty-four (24)-hour per day, seven (7)-days per week basis, and publish
	public market data such as transaction price and volume data.




	 




	“Ether
	Exchange Market”—The global ether exchange market for the trading of ether, which consists of transactions on Ether
	Exchanges. See “Overview of the Ether Industry and Market.”




	 





	“

	EtherIndex

	”

	—
	The proprietary index of the Sponsor that calculates a blended price for ether denominated in US Dollars. The value of ether as
	represented by the EtherIndex is calculated by blending the trading prices in US Dollars for the top five (by volume) qualified
	Ether Exchanges.




	 




	“EtherIndex
	Price” — The price for one ether at the Evaluation Time determined by the EtherIndex. 



	 



	“Ethereum
	Network”—The online, end-user-to-end-user network hosting the public transaction ledger, known as the Blockchain,
	the source code comprising the basis for the protocols and cryptographic security governing the Ethereum Network, and the ability
	to process smart contracts. See “Overview of the Ether Industry and Market.”




	 




	“[EXCHANGE]”
	– [●].




	 




	“Exchange
	Act”—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.



	 








	 



	64



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	“Evaluation
	Time”—The time at which the Administrator will determine the value of ether held by the Trust and calculate the Trust’s
	NAV, which time is as of 4:00 p.m., Eastern time, on each Business Day.




	 




	“FinCEN”—The
	Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.




	 




	“FDIC”—The
	Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.




	 




	“FINRA”—The
	Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., which is the primary regulator in the United States for broker-dealers, including
	Authorized Participants.




	 




	“Holders”—Owners
	of beneficial interests in the Shares.




	 




	“Indirect
	Participants”—Those banks, brokers, dealers, trust companies and others who maintain, either directly or indirectly,
	a custodial relationship with a DTC Participant.




	 




	“Initial
	Purchaser”—The purchaser of the Seed Baskets acting solely in its capacity as purchaser of such Seed Baskets, and
	who is [INITIAL PURCHASER].




	 




	“IRA”—An
	individual retirement account provided for under section 408(m) of the Code.




	 




	“IRS”—The
	U.S. Internal Revenue Service, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.




	 




	“NAV”—
	The net asset value per Share of the Trust, which is the asset value of the Trust less its liabilities (which include accrued
	but unpaid fees and expenses) divided by the number of outstanding Shares as of 4:00 p.m. Eastern time each Business Day. The
	Administrator will calculate the NAV using the EtherIndex price

	.

	See “Description of the Trust Agreement—Valuation
	of Ether and Definition of NAV.”




	 




	“NYSDFS”—The
	New York State Department of Financial Services.




	 




	“Redemption
	Basket”—An order placed by an Authorized Participant with the Administrator to redeem one or more Baskets. The ether
	required for distribution to the Authorized Participant upon redemption of a Basket is equivalent to the net asset value for 50,000
	Shares on a given day.




	 




	“SEC”—The
	U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.




	 




	“Securities
	Act”—The Securities Act of 1933, as amended.




	 




	“Seed
	Baskets”—The [●] Baskets issued and sold to the Initial Purchaser in exchange for delivery of the appropriate
	number of ether to the Trust in connection with the formation of the Trust.




	 




	“Shares”—Units
	of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust which are issued by the Trust and named “[ETHER]
	Shares.”




	 




	“SIPC”—The
	Securities Investor Protection Corporation.




	 




	“Sponsor”—EtherIndex
	LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.




	 




	“Sponsor
	Custody Account”—The segregated ether account of the Sponsor to which the Custodian will transfer ether from the Trust
	Custody Account in order to pay the Sponsor’s Fee. The Sponsor Custody Account is established with the Custodian by the
	Trust Custody Agreement.




	 




	“Sponsor’s
	Fee”—The fee paid by the Trust to the Sponsor in consideration for the Sponsor’s duties and its assumption of
	the ordinary administrative and marketing expenses that the Trust is expected to incur. The Sponsor’s Fee will accrue daily
	in U.S. Dollars and will be payable in kind (in ether) according to the EtherIndex Price monthly in arrears by the transfer of
	ether from the Trust Custody Account to the Sponsor Custody Account.



	 








	 



	65



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	“Transaction
	Fee”—The non-refundable transaction fee that may be required to be paid by Authorized Participants to the Trust Agency
	Service Provider when placing a Creation Basket order or a Redemption Basket order.




	 




	“Trust”—The
	EtherIndex Ether Trust, a Delaware statutory trust, formed on [●], 2016 under the DSTA and the pursuant to the Trust Agreement.




	 




	“Trust
	Agency Service Provider—[●], a [●], serves as Trust Agency Service Provider to the Trust under the Trust Agency
	Service Provider Agreement.




	 




	“Trust
	Agency Service Provider Agreement—The agreement between the Sponsor and the Trust Agency Service Provider which sets forth
	the obligations and responsibilities of the Trust Agency Service Provider with respect to transfer agency services and related
	matters.




	 




	“Trust
	Agreement”—The Trust Agreement between the Sponsor and the Trustee under which the Trust is formed and which sets
	forth the respective rights and duties of the Sponsor and the Trustee in its capacity as trustee of the Trust.




	 




	“Trust
	Custody Account”—The segregated ether account of the Trust which will hold the ether delivered to the Trust. The Trust
	Custody Account is established with the Custodian pursuant to the Trust Custody Agreement.




	 




	“Trust
	Custody Agreement”—The Agreement between the Sponsor and the Custodian which sets forth the obligations and responsibilities
	of the Custodian with respect to the safekeeping of the Trust’s ether.




	 




	“Trust
	Expense Account”—The segregated ether account of the Administrator to which the Custodian will transfer ether from
	the Trust Custody Account in order to permit the Administrator pay expenses of the Trust not assumed by the Sponsor. The Trust
	Expense Account is established pursuant to the Trust Agreement and the Trust Servicing Agreement.




	 




	“Trust
	Servicing Agreement”—The Agreement between Sponsor and the Administrator which sets forth the obligations and responsibilities
	of the Administrator with respect to the operation and administration of the Trust.




	 




	“Trustee”—
	[●], a Delaware trust company.




	 











	 



	66



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 









	REPORT
	OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM






	 






	To
	the Sponsor, Trustee and Shareholders of EtherIndex Ether Trust





	 




	[

	 

	]




	 











	 


	F-

	1



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS









	 










	Etherindex
	ether TRUST






	STATEMENT
	OF FINANCIAL CONDITION






	[●],
	2016






	 






	Assets:


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Ether
	inventory (fair value $[

	 

	])



	 


	$



	[



	]




	Total Assets


	 


	$



	[



	]




	Liabilities and Shareholder’s Equity Liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Liabilities


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 6)


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Redeemable Shares:


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Redeemable capital Shares, no par value, unlimited amount authorized, [

	 

	] outstanding (at redemption value)



	 


	$



	[



	]




	Shareholder’s Equity:


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Retained earnings


	 


	 


	—


	 




	Total Liabilities and Shareholder’s Equity


	 


	$



	[



	]





	 




	The
	accompanying notes are an integral part of this financial statement.






	 














	 


	F-

	2



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS









	 




	etherindex
	ether TRUST






	Notes
	to the Financial Statements






	[

	 

	],
	2016






	 








	1.






	Organization






	 



	The
	EtherIndex Ether Trust (the “Trust”) is a Delaware statutory trust formed on [●], 2016, pursuant to a trust
	agreement (the “Trust Agreement”). The Trust will issue [●] Shares (the “Shares”), which represent
	units of fractional undivided beneficial interest in and ownership of the Trust. The Trust’s purpose is to hold ether, which
	is a digital asset (“Digital Asset”). The Trust is expected to issue or redeem Shares from time to time only in one
	or more whole blocks of [●] Shares (each block of [__] Shares is a “Basket”). The Trust will issue and redeem
	the Shares in Baskets only to certain authorized firms (“Authorized Participants” or “APs”) on an ongoing
	basis. On a creation, Baskets will be distributed to the Authorized Participants by the Trust in exchange for the delivery to
	the Trust of the appropriate number of ether (i.e., ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being purchased). On a redemption,
	the Trust will distribute ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being redeemed to the redeeming Authorized Participant
	in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of one or more Baskets. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted by the
	Administrator in a creation or redemption transaction will be the same (i.e., each Basket will consist of [●] Shares and
	the value of the Basket will be equal to the value of [●] Shares at their net asset value per Share on that day). The Trust
	will not issue or redeem fractions of a Basket.




	 




	EtherIndex
	LLC, is the sponsor of the Trust (the “Sponsor”), a Delaware limited liability company. The Sponsor is responsible
	for, among other things, overseeing the performance of Delaware Trust Company (the “Trustee”) and the Trust’s
	principal service providers. The Trustee is responsible for the day-to-day administration of the Trust.




	 




	[INITIAL
	PURCHASER] is the Initial Purchaser and contributed [●] ether in exchange for [●] initial Baskets of Shares (the “Seed
	Baskets”) on [●], 2016. At contribution, the value of the ether deposited with the Trust was based on the EtherIndex
	price (as defined in the Registration Statement of the Trust) of $[

	 

	]/ether. The Initial Purchaser owns one hundred
	(100) percent of the outstanding Shares. [The Initial Purchaser is not affiliated with the Sponsor or the Trustee.]




	 




	The
	investment objective of the Trust is for the Shares to track the price of ether as measured at 4:00 p.m. Eastern time using the
	EtherIndex price on each Business Day, less the Trust’s liabilities (which include accrued but unpaid fees and expenses).
	The Shares are designed for investors seeking a cost-effective and convenient means of gaining investment exposure to ether similar
	to a direct investment in ether.




	 




	The
	fiscal year end for the Trust is December 31.



	 






	2.






	Significant
	Accounting Policies






	 



	The
	following is a summary of significant accounting policies followed by the Trust.




	 




	The
	preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”)
	requires those responsible for preparing financial statements to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
	and disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




	 





	A.         Valuation of Ether






	 





	The
	Trust’s ether is controlled on a segregated basis by the Custodian, on behalf of the Trust, in unique ether addresses with
	balances that can be directly verified on the Ether Blockchain. The Trust’s ether is valued, for financial statement purposes,
	at the lower of cost or market. The cost of ether is determined according to the average cost method and the market value is based
	on the EtherIndex price of the ether being valued, or such other publicly available price as the Sponsor may in good faith deem
	represents the fair market value of the Trust’s ether. Realized gains and losses on sales of ether, or ether distributed
	in the redemption of a Basket, is calculated on a trade date basis using average cost.



	 








	 


	F-

	3



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	B.         Creation and Redemption of Shares






	 





	The
	Trust is expected to issue or redeem Shares from time to time only in one or more whole Baskets. The Trust will issue and redeem
	the Shares in Baskets only to certain Authorized Participants on an ongoing basis as described in the “Plan of Distribution”
	section below. On a creation, Baskets will be distributed to the Authorized Participants by the Trust in exchange for the delivery
	to the Trust of the appropriate number of ether (i.e., ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being purchased). On a
	redemption, the Trust will distribute ether equal in value to the value of the Shares being redeemed to the redeeming Authorized
	Participant in exchange for the delivery to the Trust of one or more Baskets. On each Business Day, the value of each Basket accepted
	by the Administrator in a creation or redemption transaction will be the same (i.e., each Basket will consist of [●] Shares
	and the value of the Basket will be equal to the value of [●] Shares at their net asset value per Share on that day). The
	Trust will not issue or redeem fractions of a Basket.




	 




	The
	Shares are issued and redeemed continuously in Baskets solely in exchange for ether, rather than cash. Individual investors cannot
	create or redeem Baskets in direct transactions with the Trust. The Trust only deals with registered broker-dealers eligible to
	settle securities transactions through the book-entry facilities of The Depository Trust Company and which have entered into a
	contractual arrangement with the Trust Agency Service Provider and the Sponsor governing, among other matters, the creation and
	redemption processes. Holders of the Shares of the Trust may redeem their Shares at any time acting through an Authorized Participant
	and in the prescribed Basket form; provided, however, that redemptions of Baskets may be suspended during any period in which
	regular trading on [EXCHANGE] is suspended or restricted, or in which an emergency exists as a result of which delivery, disposal
	or evaluation of ether is not reasonably practicable.




	 




	The
	Shares are classified as “Redeemable Capital Shares” for financial statement purposes, since they are subject to redemption
	at the option of Authorized Participants. Outstanding Shares are reflected at redemption value, which represents the maximum obligation
	(based on net asset value per Share), with the difference from historical cost recorded as an offsetting amount to Retained Earnings.




	 




	At
	[●], 2016, there are no Shares whose redemption value exceeds their historical value.




	 




	At

	[

	●], 2016, [●] Shares are outstanding.




	 




	The
	typical settlement period for the Shares is three (3) business days. In the event of a trade date at period end, where a settlement
	is pending, a respective account receivable and/or payable will be recorded.




	 




	The
	per Share number of ether distributed for the redemption of a Basket is calculated daily by the Administrator, using the EtherIndex
	price, or such other publicly available price as the Sponsor may in good faith deem fairly represents the fair market value of
	the Trust’s ether.




	 




	When
	ether is delivered for the redemption of a Basket, it is generally not considered a taxable event for Shareholders but [is considered
	a sale of ether for financial statement purposes, with a gain or loss recognized currently]. For the purposes of creations and
	redemptions of Baskets, net asset value per Share is computed by deducting all accrued fees, expenses and other liabilities of
	the Trust, including the Sponsor’s Fee, from the fair value of the ether held by the Trust.




	 





	C.         Investment in Ether






	 





	At
	[●], 2016, the Trust owned [●] ether, with a carrying value (lower of cost or market basis) of $[●].




	 





	D.         Expenses






	 





	The
	Trust will pay to the Sponsor a fee that will accrue daily at an annualized rate equal to [●] percent of the ether held
	by the Trust, paid monthly in arrears (the “Sponsor’s Fee”).




	 











	 


	F-

	4



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	E.          Income Taxes






	 





	The
	Trust is classified as a “grantor trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, the Trust itself will
	not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, the Trust’s income and expenses will “flow through” to Shareholders,
	and the Administrator will report the Trust’s proceeds, income, deductions, gains, and losses to the Internal Revenue Service
	on that basis.




	 







	3.






	Organizational
	and Offering Costs






	 



	Expenses
	incurred in organizing of the Trust and the initial offering of the Shares, including applicable SEC registration fees, are estimated
	to be approximately $[●] and shall not exceed $[●], and will be assumed by the Sponsor. The Trust will not be obligated
	to reimburse the Sponsor.




	 







	4.






	Related
	Parties—Sponsor and Trustee Fees






	 



	Fees
	are paid to the Sponsor as compensation for services performed under the Trust Agreement and for assuming the following administrative
	and marketing expenses incurred by the Trust: (i) the Trustee’s monthly fee and reimbursable expenses (including indemnification
	amounts) under the Trust Agreement, (ii) the Administrator’s monthly fees and reimbursable expenses under the Trust Servicing
	Agreement, (iii) the Trust Agency Service Provider’s monthly fees and reimbursable expenses under the Trust Agency Service
	Provider Agreement, (iv) the Custodian’s monthly fees and reimbursable expenses under the Trust Custody Agreement, (v) Exchange
	listing fees, (vi) SEC registration fees, (vii) printing and mailing costs, (viii) costs of maintaining the Trust’s website,
	(ix) audit fees, (x) up to $[●] per annum in marketing expenses and (xi) up to $[100,000] per annum in legal expenses. Any
	such amounts in excess of $[●] per annum will be borne by the Trust as extraordinary expenses.




	 




	The
	Sponsor’s Fee will accrue daily in ether at an annualized rate equal to [●] percent of the ether held by the Trust
	and will be payable monthly in ether, in arrears. The Sponsor, from time to time, may temporarily waive all or a portion of the
	Sponsor’s Fee at its discretion for a stated period of time. Presently, the Sponsor does not intend to waive any of its
	fees.




	 




	Affiliates
	of the Trustee or the Sponsor may from time to time act as Authorized Participants or purchase or sell ether or the Shares for
	their own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion.




	 




	The
	Custodian is responsible for the safekeeping of the Trust’s ether delivered by Authorized Participants in connection with
	the creation of Baskets. The Custodian also facilitates the transfer of ether into and out of the Trust. The general role, responsibilities
	and regulation of the Custodian are further described in “The Custodian” and “Custody of the Trust’s Ether.”




	 




	The
	Custodian and its affiliates may from time to time act as Authorized Participants or purchase or sell ether or the Shares for
	their own account or as agent for their customers.




	 







	5.






	Concentration
	of Risk






	 



	The
	Trust’s sole business activity is the investment in ether. Several factors could affect the price of ether, including, but
	not limited to: (i) global ether supply and demand; (ii) investors’ expectations with respect to the rate of inflation;
	(iii) interest rates; (iv) currency exchange rates, including the rates at which ether may be exchanged for fiat currencies; (v)
	fiat currency withdrawal and deposit policies of online marketplaces where market participants may buy, sell and trade ether (each
	an “Ether Exchange”) and liquidity on such Ether Exchanges; (vi) interruptions in service from or failures of major
	Ether Exchanges; (vii) investment and trading activities of large investors, including private and registered funds, that may
	directly or indirectly invest in ether; (viii) monetary policies of governments, trade restrictions, currency devaluations and
	revaluations; (ix) regulatory measures, if any, that restrict the use of ether as a form of payment; (x) the maintenance and development
	of the open-source protocol governing the Ether Network; (xi) global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations;
	and (xii) expectations among ether market participants that the value of ether will soon change.




	 




	Global
	supply for ether is determined by the Ether Network’s source code, which sets the rate at which ether may be awarded to
	Ether Network miners. Global demand for ether is influenced by such factors as the growth of retail merchants’ and commercial
	businesses’ acceptance of ether as payment, the security of online Ether Exchanges and the ether they custody, the perception
	that the use of ether is safe and secure, and the lack of regulatory restrictions on its use.



	 








	 


	F-

	5



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	In
	addition, there is no assurance that any ether will maintain its long-term value in terms of purchasing power in the future. In
	the event that the price of ether declines, the Sponsor expects the value of an investment in the Shares to decline proportionately.
	Each of these events could have a material effect on the Trust’s financial position and the results of its operations.




	 







	6.






	Indemnification






	 



	Under
	the Trust Agreement, each of the Trustee (and its directors, employees and agents) and the Sponsor (and its members, managers,
	directors, officers, employees, affiliates) is indemnified against any liability, cost or expense it incurs without gross negligence,
	willful misconduct or bad faith on its part. The Trust’s maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown as this would
	involve future claims that may be made against the Trust that have not yet occurred.



	 






	7.






	Subsequent
	Events






	 



	Events
	subsequent to the balance sheet date have been evaluated for inclusion in the accompanying financial statement through the issuance
	date, [●], 2016.




	 











	 


	F-

	6



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	 




	 



	 






	 




	 




	PROSPECTUS






	 












	 





	 





	ETHERINDEX
	ETHER TRUST





	 





	[                 ] ETHERINDEX ETHER SHARES





	 




	Until
	[●], 2016 (twenty-five (25) calendar days after the date of this Prospectus), all dealers effecting transactions in the
	Shares, whether or not participating in this distribution, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This requirement is in addition
	to the obligations of dealers to deliver a prospectus when acting as underwriters and with respect to unsold allotments or subscriptions.




	 




	 




	 











	 


	  


	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 





	PART
	II—INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS






	 







	Item
	13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.






	 





	The
	Registrant (“Registrant” or “Trust”) shall not bear any expenses incurred in connection with the issuance
	and distribution of the securities being registered. These expenses shall be assumed by the Sponsor of the Registrant.





	 







	Item
	14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers.






	 





	Section
	[●] of the Trust Agreement (“Trust Agreement”) between Delaware Trust Company, the Registrant’s Trustee
	(“Trustee”), and the Sponsor provides that the Trustee, its directors, employees and agents (each a “Trustee
	Indemnified Party”) shall be indemnified and defended by the Trust and the Sponsor, jointly and severally, and held harmless
	against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments,
	fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened, pending or completed claims, demands,
	actions, suits or proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal and including
	appeals, in which any indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of its status
	as an indemnitee whether arising from acts or omissions to act occurring before or after the date of the Trust Agreement, including
	the Trustee’s indemnification obligations under these agreements) or by reason of the Trustee’s acceptance of the
	Trust Agreement incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on the part of such indemnified party in connection
	with the performance of its obligations under the Trust Agreement or any such other agreement or any actions taken in accordance
	with the provisions of the Trust Agreement or any such other agreement. Such indemnity shall include payment from the Trust or
	the Sponsor of the costs and expenses incurred by such indemnified party in defending itself against any claim or liability in
	its capacity as Trustee. Any amounts payable to an indemnified party may be payable in advance or shall be secured by a lien on
	the Trust.




	 




	Section
	[●] of the Trust Agreement provides that the Sponsor and its members, managers, directors, officers, employees, affiliates
	(as such term is defined under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”)) and subsidiaries shall
	be indemnified by the Trust and held harmless against any loss, liability or expense incurred without gross negligence, willful
	misconduct or bad faith on the part of such indemnified party arising out of or in connection with the performance of its obligations
	under the Trust Agreement and under each other agreement entered into by the Sponsor in furtherance of the administration of the
	Trust (including, without limiting the scope of the foregoing, any Authorized Participant Agreement) or any actions taken in accordance
	with the provisions of the Trust Agreement. Such indemnity shall include payment from the Trust of the costs and expenses incurred
	by such indemnified party in defending itself against any claim or liability in its capacity as Sponsor. Any amounts payable to
	an indemnified party may be payable in advance or shall be secured by a lien on the Trust. The Sponsor may, in its discretion,
	undertake any action that it may deem necessary or desirable in respect of the Trust Agreement and the interests of Shareholders
	and, in such event, the legal expenses and costs of any such actions shall be expenses and costs of the Trust and the Sponsor
	shall be entitled to be reimbursed therefor by the Trust.




	 




	The
	indemnities provided by Section [●] of the Trust Agreement shall survive notwithstanding any termination of the Trust Agreement
	and the Trust or the resignation or removal of the Trustee or the Sponsor, respectively.





	 







	Item
	15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities.






	 





	Not
	applicable.




	 











	 


	II-

	1



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 






	Item
	16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.






	 





	(a)
	Exhibits




	 









	Exhibit



	Number





	 





	Description







	4.1




	 



	Trust Agreement
	(the “Trust Agreement”)*





	4.2




	 



	Form of Authorized
	Participant Agreement*





	4.3




	 



	Form of Global
	Certificate (attached as Exhibit A to the Trust Agreement)





	5.1




	 



	Opinion of
	Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC as to legality*





	8.1




	 



	Opinion of
	Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC  as to tax matters*





	10.1




	 



	Trust Custody
	Agreement*





	10.2




	 



	Trust Servicing
	Agreement*





	10.3




	 



	Trust Agency
	Service Provider Agreement*





	10.4




	 



	Depository
	Agreement*





	10.5




	 



	Marketing
	Agent Agreement*





	23.1




	 



	Consent of
	[AUDITOR]*





	23.2




	 



	Consents of
	Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC  are included in Exhibits 5.1 and 8.1





	24.1




	 



	Powers of
	attorney (included in the signature page to this registration statement)






	 






	*




	to
	be supplied by amendment





	 



	(b)
	Financial Statement Schedules




	 




	Not
	applicable.




	 






	Item
	17. Undertakings.






	 





	The
	undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:




	 




	(1)        To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:




	 




	(i)
	To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933;




	 




	(ii)
	To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
	post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set
	forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if
	the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high
	end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b)
	if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a twenty (20) percent change in the maximum aggregate
	offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and




	 




	(iii)
	To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
	or any material change to such information in the registration statement.




	 




	(2)        That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall
	be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at
	that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.




	 




	(3)        To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold
	at the termination of the offering.



	 








	 


	II-

	2



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS






	 




	(4)        That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser:




	 




	(i)
	If the Registrant is relying on Rule 430B (§230.430B of this chapter):




	 




	(A)
	Each prospectus filed by the Registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (§230.424(b)(3) of this chapter) shall be deemed to be
	part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement;
	and




	 




	(B)
	Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) (§230.424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) of
	this chapter) as part of a registration statement in reliance or Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i),
	(vii), or (x) (§230.415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) of this chapter) for the purpose of providing the information required by
	section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of an included in the registration statement as of the
	earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities
	in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability proposes of the issuer and any person that
	is at that date an underwriter such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to
	the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time
	shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement
	or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference
	into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchase with a time of
	contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or
	prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date;
	or




	 




	(ii)
	If the Registrant is subject to Rule 430C (§230.430C of this chapter), each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part
	of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses
	filed in reliance on Rule 430A (§230.430A of this chapter), shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration
	statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement
	or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference
	into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of
	contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus
	that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use.




	 




	(5)        That, for the purpose of determining liability of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial
	distribution of the securities:




	 




	The
	undersigned Registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned Registrant pursuant to this registration
	statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or
	sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned Registrant will be a seller to the purchaser
	and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser:




	 




	(i)
	Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned Registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant
	to Rule 424 (§230.424 of this chapter);




	 




	(ii)
	Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant or used or referred
	to by the undersigned Registrant;




	 




	(iii)
	The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned
	Registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant; and




	 




	(iv)
	Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned Registrant to the purchaser.




	 




	(6)        That
	insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and
	controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that
	in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
	Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than
	the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the
	successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection
	with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by
	controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification by it is against
	public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.




	 











	 


	II-

	3



	 








	TABLE OF CONTENTS








	  









	SIGNATURES






	 





	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on
	its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, New York, on July 15, 2016.



	 




	 




	EtherIndex LLC






	 


	Sponsor of the EtherIndex Ether Trust




	 


	 


	 




	 


	By:


	/s/ Gregory DiPrisco




	 


	 


	Gregory DiPrisco




	 


	 


	Principal Executive Officer





	 




	Each
	person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes Gregory DiPrisco and Joseph Quintilian, and each of them singly, his true
	and lawful attorneys-in-fact with full power to sign on behalf of such person, in the capacities indicated below, any and all
	amendments to this registration statement and any subsequent related registration statement filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under
	the Securities Act of 1933, and generally to do all such things in the name and on behalf of such person, in the capacities indicated
	below, to enable the Registrant to comply with the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and all requirements of the Securities
	and Exchange Commission thereunder, hereby ratifying and confirming the signature of such person as it may be signed by said attorneys-in-fact,
	or any of them, on any and all amendments to this registration statement or any such subsequent related registration statement.




	 




	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the
	capacities* and on the dates indicated.




	 






	Signature



	 



	Capacity



	 



	Date





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	/s/ Gregory DiPrisco


	 


	Principal Executive Officer


	 


	July 15, 2016




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	/s/ Joseph Quintilian


	 


	Principal Financial Officer


	 


	July 15, 2016




	 



	*The
	Registrant is a trust and the persons are signing in their capacities as officers of EtherIndex LLC, the Sponsor of the Registrant.




	 




	 




	II-4










	 





	 






