 






Ligand Appoints John L. Higgins Chief Executive Officer :: Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (LGND)




































 





News
Investors



Investor Summary
Investor Summary
Analysts


News & Events
Press Releases
Investor Presentations
Scientific Presentations
IR Calendar
Email Alerts


Stock Data
Quote
Charts
Historical Data


SEC Filings
All SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Quarterly Reports
Section 16 Filings


Governance
Governance
Governance Documents




NASDAQ: LGND























Press Releases












    			Navigate Investors    		



 





Ligand Appoints John L. Higgins Chief Executive Officer


 Download as PDF

January 16, 2007

    SAN DIEGO--
Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LGND) announced today
that John L. Higgins is joining the Company as Chief Executive
Officer, President and a member of the Company's Board of Directors.
Mr. Higgins succeeds Henry F. Blissenbach who has served as Chairman
and interim CEO since August 2006. Mr. Blissenbach will continue as
Chairman of the Board of Directors.
    "Mr. Higgins is a proven leader with extensive deal-making
experience, outstanding strategic instincts and strong relationships
with Wall Street. His experience and track record in creating value
with biopharmaceutical companies will be a tremendous asset to Ligand
as our exciting product pipeline advances," said Henry F. Blissenbach,
Ligand's Chairman and interim CEO. "We are pleased to appoint Mr.
Higgins to lead our Company and to complete the restructuring of the
business. In the near-term we are focused on closing the sale of
AVINZA to King Pharmaceuticals, and upon doing so we will be able to
focus our efforts on advancing our multiple pipeline projects."
    Mr. Higgins brings to Ligand over 14 years of corporate
development, financing, strategic planning, commercialization and
investment banking experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. Prior
to joining Ligand, Mr. Higgins was Chief Financial Officer, Executive
Vice President, Finance, Administration and Corporate Development of
Connetics Corporation, a public specialty pharmaceutical company,
until its acquisition by Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. in December 2006.
During his tenure of nearly a decade at Connetics, Mr. Higgins played
a key leadership role in numerous strategic initiatives including
major acquisitions, divestitures, multiple product and technology
licensing transactions and financings.
    "Ligand has a rich R&D heritage and numerous valuable product
candidates, corporate partnerships and other assets," said Mr.
Higgins. "I am pleased to join the Company at this critical time in
its history. While we work to execute on key short-term goals, the
ongoing transformation of the Company has laid the foundation for a
very compelling and exciting business going forward. I am eager to
work with the Ligand team to execute on our new vision."
    "John possesses tremendous leadership abilities, integrity,
intellect, and deep industry experience. We are very excited to have
him lead our company," said Daniel Loeb, a Ligand director. "Ligand
has gone through a major transformation over the last 12 months. On
behalf of all of our shareholders, we are proud of our achievements
and how the Company is positioned today. With accomplished and
energetic new executive leadership and a focused business strategy, as
previously outlined to shareholders when the AVINZA and oncology sales
were announced, we remain committed to continuing to build value for
shareholders."
    Prior to joining Connetics, Mr. Higgins was Executive Vice
President, Corporate Development, of BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
and was a member of the health care investment banking team at Dillon,
Read & Company, Inc. Mr. Higgins has served on numerous public and
private corporate boards and currently is a Director at BioCryst
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. where he serves as Chairman of the Audit
Committee. Mr. Higgins earned an A.B. in Economics, Magna Cum Laude,
from Colgate University.
    About Ligand
    Ligand discovers and develops new drugs that address critical
unmet medical needs of patients in the areas of cancer, pain, skin
diseases, men's and women's hormone-related diseases, osteoporosis,
metabolic disorders, and cardiovascular and inflammatory diseases.
Ligand's proprietary drug discovery and development programs are based
on its leadership position in gene transcription technology, primarily
related to Intracellular Receptors. For more information, go to
www.ligand.com.
    Caution Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
    This news release contains forward-looking statements by Ligand
that involve risks and uncertainties and reflect Ligand's judgment as
of the date of this release. These statements include those related to
benefits of the appointment to Ligand, product pipeline advances,
completion of a restructuring, closing the AVINZA sale, value of
product candidates, short term goals, transformation of the Company,
its business and business strategy going forward, and building value
for stockholders. Actual events or results may differ from Ligand's
expectations. For example, we may not be able to realize any
particular goals or expectations, including advancing our product
pipeline or realizing any value from that pipeline, completing the
restructuring of or transforming our business, successfully executing
any business strategy nor increasing shareholder value. Any of these
initiatives may fail to meet expectations and our stock price could
decrease. Additional information concerning these and other risk
factors affecting Ligand's business can be found in prior press
releases as well as in Ligand's public periodic filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, available via the Company's
internet site at www.ligand.com. Ligand disclaims any intent or
obligation to update these forward-looking statements beyond the date
of this release.
    This caution is made under the safe harbor provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
    Source: Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
Released January 16, 2007










 










John L. Higgins - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















John L. Higgins
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated


View Full Profile
Are you John L. Higgins? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John L. Higgins's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in John L. Higgins's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John L. Higgins's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John L. Higgins through your network of contacts.
												








John L. Higgins's Executive Work History


Current


Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, 
Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated


Board Member, 
Bio-Techne Corporation


Past
To view John L. Higgins's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Colgate University


														 Bachelor's, 
															Colgate University


Age
47

 
 


John L. Higgins's Biography



John L. Higgins is the Chief Executive Officer of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, a position he has held since January 2007 and he has been a member of Ligand's board of directors since March 2007. Prior to joining Ligand, Mr. Higgins served as Chief Financial Officer at Connetics Corporation, a specialty pharmaceutical company, since 1997, and also served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration and Corporate Development at Connetics until its acquisition by Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. in December 2006. Before joining Connetics, he was a member of the executive management team at BioCryst Pharmaceuticals. Prior to BioCryst ...
(Read More)

			John L. Higgins is the Chief Executive Officer of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, a position he has held since January 2007 and he has been a member of Ligand's board of directors since March 2007. Prior to joining Ligand, Mr. Higgins served as Chief Financial Officer at Connetics Corporation, a specialty pharmaceutical company, since 1997, and also served as Executive Vice President, Finance and Administration and Corporate Development at Connetics until its acquisition by Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. in December 2006. Before joining Connetics, he was a member of the executive management team at BioCryst Pharmaceuticals. Prior to BioCryst, Mr. Higgins was a member of the healthcare banking team of Dillon, Read & Co. Inc., an investment banking firm. Mr. Higgins serves as Chairman of CoMentis, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company and serves on the board, audit and compensation committees of BioTechne, a company with a market capitalization of over $3 billion. Mr. Higgins has served as a director of numerous public and private companies. He graduated Magna Cum Laude from Colgate University with an A.B. in economics. In selecting Mr. Higgins to serve as a director, the board considered, among other things, his valuable experience operating and managing public biotechnology companies, his prior service on other company boards and his financial transaction experience as an investment banker. Ligand also benefits from Mr. Higgins' financial experience in leadership roles at companies within the biopharmaceutical industry.
		
Source: Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated on 04/14/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view John L. Higgins's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like John L. Higgins. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in John L. Higgins's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in John L. Higgins's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with John L. Higgins through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: John L. Higgins


















John L. Higgins's Connections (88)





Sign up now to view John L. Higgins's 88 connections »









John L. LaMattina
Board Member, Zafgen, Inc.









Zola P. Horovitz
Former Board Member, Palatin Technologies, Inc.









Leon E. Panetta
Board Member, Oracle Corporation









Harold J. Wiens
Board Member, Bio-Techne Corporation









Kevin J. Reagan
Former Vice President, Operations and Product Development, Biotech Division, Bio-Techne Corporation









Charles E. Bugg
Former Board Member, BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Matthew E. Korenberg
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated









J. Claude Bennett
Former President, BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc.









Matthew W. Foehr
President and Chief Operating Officer, Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated









Marcel Veronneau
Former Vice President, Hematology Controls, Clinical Controls Division, Bio-Techne Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.










Higgins, John L. - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































John L. Higgins
John L. Higgins is President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. Prior to joining Ligand, Mr. Higgins served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Finance, Administration and Corporate Development, of Connetics Corporation, a specialty pharmaceutical company acquired by Stiefel Laboratories in December 2006. Before joining Connetics, he was a member of the executive management team at BioCryst Pharmaceuticals. Currently he is a Director on the boards of Techne Corporation, CoMentis and BioCryst, and serves as Chairperson on the BioCryst audit committee. Prior to BioCryst, Mr. Higgins was a member of the health care banking team of Dillon, Read & Co. Inc., an investment banking firm. Mr. Higgins serves as a Director of numerous public and private companies. He graduated magna cum laude from Colgate University with an B.A. in economics.
Related Interviews:Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. - John L. HigginsApril 05, 2010Thomas Wiggans - Connectics Corporation (cnct)October 05, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















John Leonard Higgins - Minneapolis, MN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John Leonard Higgins in Minneapolis, MN


John Leonard Higgins

                                                                           Intelius found that John Leonard Higgins  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Minneapolis, MN.  We have connected them to
                18 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

John Leonard Higgins is in his 40s

John Has Lived In

Minneapolis, MN
Birmingham, AL
Saint Paul, MN

John's Relatives

Rita Higgins
Paul Higgins
Harold Higgins
Leonard Higgins







John Leonard Higgins



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Board of Director at BioCryst Pharmaceuticals , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John Leonard Higgins
Get a Criminal Check on John Leonard Higgins
Get a Public Record Report on John Leonard Higgins
Get a People Search Report on John Leonard Higgins


John Leonard Higgins's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John Leonard Higgins has lived as well as John Leonard Higgins's phone numbers and email addresses.




John Leonard Higgins Has Lived in 8 States
Minnesota Address for John Leonard Higgins


2217 E L*** o* T** I**** P*** 

Minneapolis, MN


Has Lived In

Minneapolis, MN
Birmingham, AL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John Leonard Higgins

(715) ***-**** - Cable, WI 
(715) ***-**** - Stevens Point, WI 
(715) ***-**** - Cable, WI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John Leonard Higgins

a**********6@***.com
h*******j@***.com
a**********6@***.com


Get Email Report




John Leonard Higgins's Professional Information
Information regarding John Leonard Higgins's professional history.  Find out previous places John Leonard Higgins has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John Leonard Higgins Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
               Title: Board of Director
John Leonard Higgins's Experience
Title: Board of Director
               Company: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Additional Professional Information on John Leonard Higgins

 See John Leonard Higgins's LinkedIn Profile



John Leonard Higgins's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John Leonard Higgins


John Leonard Higgins's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John Leonard Higgins's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Higgins
Username Matches

                  JohnHiggins
                  HigginsJohn
                  John.Higgins
                  Higgins.John
                  John_Higgins
                  Higgins_John
                  John-Higgins
                  Higgins-John
                  JHiggins
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Higgins







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














John L Higgins - Ho Ho Kus, NJ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John L Higgins in Ho Ho Kus, NJ


John L Higgins

                                                                           Intelius found that John L Higgins  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Ho Ho Kus, NJ.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

John L Higgins is in his 50s

John Has Lived In

Ho Ho Kus, NJ
Ridgewood, NJ

John's Relatives

Ellen Higgins
III Higgins







John L Higgins



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John L Higgins
Get a Criminal Check on John L Higgins
Get a Public Record Report on John L Higgins
Get a People Search Report on John L Higgins


John L Higgins's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John L Higgins has lived as well as John L Higgins's phone numbers and email addresses.




John L Higgins Has Lived in 1 States
New Jersey Address for John L Higgins


17 B********* R* 

Ho Ho Kus, NJ


Has Lived In

Ho Ho Kus, NJ
Ridgewood, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John L Higgins

(201) ***-**** - Ho Ho Kus, NJ 
(201) ***-**** - Ho Ho Kus, NJ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John L Higgins



Get Email Report




John L Higgins's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John L Higgins


John L Higgins's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John L Higgins's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Higgins
Username Matches

                  JohnHiggins
                  HigginsJohn
                  John.Higgins
                  Higgins.John
                  John_Higgins
                  Higgins_John
                  John-Higgins
                  Higgins-John
                  JHiggins
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Higgins







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














LGND John L. Higgins Insider Trades for Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: LGND
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


LGND

/quotes/zigman/1626750/composite


$
123.03




Change

-0.02
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 1,533
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/1626750/composite
Today's close

$
			120.69
		


$
				123.05
			
Change

+2.36
+1.96%





Day low
Day high
$120.11
$123.13










52 week low
52 week high

            $87.50
        

            $139.79
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




John L. Higgins



Mr. John L. Higgins is Independent Director at Bio-Techne Corp., Chief Executive Officer & Director at Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Chairman at CoMentis, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Bio-Techne Corp., Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Blue Zones LLC.
Mr. Higgins was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer by Connetics Corp., Independent Director by BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and a Member-Healthcare Banking Team by Dillon Read & Co, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Colgate University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/21/2017
4,666


 
Disposition at $120 per share.


559,920


06/21/2017
4,666


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $21 per share.


97,986


06/09/2017
12,000


 
Disposition at $114.87 per share.


1,378,440


06/09/2017
12,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $21 per share.


252,000


03/20/2017
4,000


 
Disposition at $109.1 per share.


436,400


03/08/2017
1,473


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $106.92 per share.


157,494


03/08/2017
15,675


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.05 per share.


157,533


03/08/2017
4,000


 
Disposition at $107.06 per share.


428,240


02/24/2017
10,224


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/24/2017
4,783


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $100.38 per share.


480,118


02/24/2017
9,168


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/15/2017
2,019


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $104.28 per share.


210,542


02/15/2017
2,285


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $104.28 per share.


238,280


09/22/2016
3,000


 
Disposition at $117.34 per share.


352,020


03/08/2016
6,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $21 per share.


126,000


03/07/2016
556


 
Disposition at $102.97 per share.


57,252


03/07/2016
10,277


 
Disposition at $102.44 per share.


1,052,776


02/15/2016
2,492


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $85.97 per share.


214,238


02/11/2016
11,611


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/06/2015
4,666


 
Disposition at $110.79 per share.


516,947


06/09/2015
500


 
Disposition at $95.06 per share.


47,530


06/09/2015
3,300


 
Disposition at $93.21 per share.


307,593


06/09/2015
6,200


 
Disposition at $92.53 per share.


573,686


02/10/2015
15,945


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/15/2014
1,000


 
Acquisition at $54.97 per share.


54,970


02/12/2014
8,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/12/2014
16,875


 
Disposition at $75 per share.


1,265,625


02/12/2014
16,875


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $9.96 per share.


168,075


01/21/2014
9,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $21 per share.


189,000


01/16/2014
15,000


 
Disposition at $64 per share.


960,000


10/22/2013
4,668


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.05 per share.


46,913


10/22/2013
5,850


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $21 per share.


122,850


10/18/2013
10,000


 
Disposition at $55 per share.


550,000


08/19/2013
6,556


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $16.14 per share.


105,813


08/16/2013
10,000


 
Disposition at $42.85 per share.


428,500


06/03/2013
12,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/15/2013
8,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/05/2012
2,000


 
Acquisition at $18.03 per share.


36,060


08/13/2012
500


 
Acquisition at $16.39 per share.


8,195





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John L. Higgins 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Matthew W. Foehr 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Matthew E. Korenberg 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & VP-Finance




Dr. Vincent  Antle 
VP-Technical Operations & Quality Assurance




Dr. James D. Pipkin 
Vice President-New Product Development




Mr. Glenn  Dourado 
Senior Director-Business Development




Mr. Todd  Pettingill 
Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Audrey  Warfield-Graham 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Charles S. Berkman 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Dr. John W. Kozarich 
Chairman




Mr. Todd C. Davis 
Independent Director




Mr. Jason M. Aryeh 
Independent Director




Dr. John L. LaMattina 
Independent Director




Mr. Sunil  Patel 
Independent Director




Dr. Stephen L. Sabba 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:49 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
4:51pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
4:51pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
4:48pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































John L Higgins 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 


Business Directory of Maine. HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC ...

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















MaineHIHIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC ...
 



Business Directory of Maine. HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC ...







HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC
Portland, ME


Industry:Plastic Card Printing Equipment Sales And Service.  Sale And Service Of Embossers, Imprinters, Labeling Hardware And Software., Ret Computers/Software Whol Office Equipment Whol Industrial Equipment, Computer & Equipment Dealers
Doing business as:Higgins Higgins Higgins & Higgins - From Portland Cumberland Freeport Gorham Pownal Scarborough West
Registration:Feb 16, 2000
Site:higgins3.com
Phone:(207) 767-3281, (207) 767-5268 (Fax)
Description:Higgins delivers innovative solutions to help you manage, share and protect your business information. In business since 1960, with over 90 years of combined experience, we prove our commitment to...
Addresses:777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Physical)PO Box 2618, Portland, ME 04116
State ID:000693748
Business type:Foreign Corporation
Members (14):David R. Higgins Iii (President), 777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Physical)David R Higgins (President), 777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Physical)Iii David R. Higgins (President), 777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Mailing)John L. Carpenter (Clerk), 100 Middle St., Portland, ME 04104 (Mailing)Howard Fenderson (Director of Data Processing)...
Agent:C T Corporation System155 Federal Street Ste 700, Boston, MA 02110 (Physical)
SIC:5734 - Computer and Computer Software Stores
SIC6:573407 - Computer & Equipment Dealers
Categories:Computer & Equipment Dealers, Identification Equipment & Supplies, Marking & Coding Equipment & Systems
Open Hours:Mon 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Tue 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Wed 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Thu 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Fri 08:00 AM-05:00 PM
Specialties:Call for prompt response
In business since:1960
Areas served:ME
Customers served:Industrial
Products:All-In-One Machines, Cables & Wires, CD-ROM Drives, Cleaning Services, Computer Furniture, ...
Payment options:American Express, Credit Terms Available, MasterCard, VISA
Languages:English
Emergency service:Emergency service available
Additional:Her, 1960-2012 52 Years of Excellence
Company size:4
Business Background Report





Higgins Jr, Walter L DMD LLC
82 Baribeau Dr, Mere Point, ME 04011


Industry:Dentist's Office
Phone:(207) 725-4311
Members (3):Walter L. Higgins (President, Family And General Dentistry)Maryjane Savreal (Manager)Erica Brillant (Manager)
Business Background Report





Higgins H A & Son Inc
Main Road, Charleston, ME 04422


Categories:Sand & Gravel Dealers, Septic Tanks & Systems Contractors & Dealers, Top Soil & Fill Soil Dealers
Phone:(207) 285-3404
Summary:"Please Click On "Business Link" Below For Detailed Information.
Customers served:Residential, Commercial, Industrial
Specialties:Septic System Installations, Septic Systems, Topsoil
Products:Drainage Systems, Inspections, Sand Gravel, Septic Systems
Payment options:Credit Terms Available, Money Orders, Personal Checks
Open Hours:Mon-Fri: 08:00am-05:00pm
Emergency service:Emergency service available
Business Background Report





Higgins Jr, Dr. Philip W
9 Applewood Rd, Rockport, ME 04856


Industry:Dentists, Oral Surgeons
Phone:(207) 236-0899
Member:Philip Higgins
Business Background Report





Higgins, M & Son Oil Service
5 Shadow Ln, Berwick, ME 03901


Industry:Ret Fuel Oil Dealer
Phone:(207) 698-5423
Member:Gail E. Higgins (Partner)
Business Background Report





Higgins Peter MD
96 Campus Dr, Scarborough, ME 04074


Categories:Physicians & Surgeons
Phone:(207) 883-2359
Business Background Report





Higgins John NMFS
69 Pemaquid Harbor Rd, Pemaquid, ME 04558


Categories:Marine Resource Consultants
Phone:(207) 677-2316
Business Background Report





Higgins Matthew
248 Old Alfred Rd, Arundel, ME 04046


Categories:Roofing Contractors
Phone:(207) 284-0465
Business Background Report





Higgins Oil Burner Service
Kittery, ME 03904


Categories:Oil Burners Services
Phone:(207) 439-2094
Business Background Report





Higgins Home Improvements
Waterville, ME 04901


Phone:(207) 873-1059
Business Background Report





Higgins Painting
71 Plaza Dr, Sanford, ME 04073


Industry:Painting/Paper Hanging Contractor
Member:Tom Higgins (Principal, inactive)
Business Background Report





Higgins Guide Service
795 Lily Bay Rd, Greenville, ME 04441


Industry:Services-Misc
Business Background Report





Higgins Hydroseeding Co
Rome, ME


Industry:Residential Construction
Addresses:113 High St, Rome, ME 04963PO Box 199, Rome, ME 04963
Business Background Report





HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC


Registration:Mar 8, 2013
State ID:4371643
Business type:Foreign Business Corporation
Agent:Ct Corporation System111 8Th Avenue, New York, NY 10011 (Physical)





HIGGINS IRISH RED ALE (trademark)
Bangor, ME



Registration:Jan 8, 2015
State ID:86498170
Status:680 - Approved for publication
Status date:Mar 3, 2015
Illustration:Drawing with word(s)/letter(s)/number(s) in Block form
Attorney:Gregory P. DorrFARRELL, ROSENBLATT & RUSSELL61 Main St Ste 1, Bangor, ME 04401
Employee:Andrea R Hack
Goods & Services:"ale", Beer, ale, lager, stout and porter
Owner:Timka, Inc, 570 Main St., Bangor, ME 04401





Higgins Office Products
90 Mt Vernon Rd, Augusta, ME 04330


Status:Inactive
Industry:Photocopying Services
Business Background Report























Maine Business Directory Index. 

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















Maine
 



Maine Business Directory Index. 



Select First Letters of Business Name






A


AA ASSOC LLC ...
AB AUTO GLASS ...
AC APPLIANCE SERVICE ...
AD ASHMORE CONSTRUCTION GROUP ...
AE CYR CO ...
AF BLACKSTONE GENERAL CONTRACTOR ...
AG DISTRIBUTORS CO ...
AH CUSTOM PRINTING ...
AI GROUP CO ...
AJ AIRCRAFT LLC ...




AK DESIGNS ...
AL ALON INFORMATION SERVICE ...
AM ATLANTIS RISING ...
AN ANGELS T OUCH MASSAGE ...
AO GUITARS ...
AP BUILDERS ...
AQUA ...
AR CAIL LANDSCAPING&EXCAVATION ...
AS 1 GALLERY ...




AT AND T RETAIL STORES ...
AU CARINO KS ...
AV ADVANTAGE ...
AW AUTO REPAIR ...
AX WOOD PRODUCTS ...
AYALA HOME RENOVATIONS ...
AZ BUILDERS ...
A1 ADVICE ...
A2 MEDICAL ...









B


BA MA CONSTRUCTION CO ...
BB BUILDERS ...
BC AUTO SALES ...
BD BURNER SERVICE ...
BE BES BOTTLE BARN ...
BF FREIGHT SYSTEM CO ...
BG FINANCIAL ...
BH DRYWALL ...
BI COASTAL INVESTMENTS LLC ...




BJ BOOHER PAINTING ...
BK AUTO ...
BL DRYWALL ...
BM CONTRACTING CO ...
BN LENZ CO ...
BO MAR HALL ...
BP BUILDERS ...
BRACE GRACE LCSW MSW ...
BS CARPENTRY LLC ...




BT AMERICAS CO MANPOWER ...
BUA THAI RESTAURANT ...
BVDA AMERICA CO ...
BW COMPUTER TECHNOLOGY ...
BY BAY ...
B2 CO ...
B4 GREEN LLC ...
B 4 HOME GYM ...
B&B ASSOCIATES ...









C


CA DEAN HOSPITAL ...
CB AIR SERVICE LLC ...
CC 696 LLC ...
CD ARCADE LLC ...
CE ...
CF NAPOLI LLC ...
CG CLEANING CO ...
CH MCLAUGHLIN TITLE CO LLC ...
CI INN LLC ...
CJ BANKS ...
CK CLEANING ...




CL AND TC ...
CM ALMY&SON CO ...
CN ARABIANS ...
CO ...
CP CONCERN ...
CR DEVELOPMENT LLC ...
CS CO ...
CT CYPRUS CO ...
CU CO ...
CV DIAGNOSTICS CO ...




CW ASSISTANCE LLC ...
CXL CO ...
CY SUCCESS CO ...
CZ PLUMBING LLC ...
C2 INNOVATIONS LLC ...
C3I CO ...
C4 DESIGNS ...
C5 SPORTS AND PERFORMANCE ...
C 2 PRODUCTIONS ...
C&AUTO REPAIR ...









D


DA BESTA PIZZA CO ...
DB ACCOUNTING ...
DC AIR FRIEGHT DIVISION CO ...
DD DYER CONTRACTING ...
DE BALSI STONEWORKS ...
DF INTERIORS ...
DG BRYER BLDG&REMODELIN ...
DH ELECTRICAL ...
DI COCOAS MARKETPLACE ...
DJ BEAULIEU CONTRUCTION LLC ...




DK ASSOCIATES EDUCATIONAL ...
DL AUTO ...
DM BECKER INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT ...
DN SMITH&SON ...
DO IT RIGHT LICE SERVICE ...
DP CLEANING ...
DQ CONCRETE ...
DR AARON B MACARTHUR DC DACNB FABVR ...
DS ADVERTISING COMMUNICATION CONSULTANTS ...
DT DEVELOPERS CO ...




DU BOIS BOARDING HOME ...
DVB LAW PC ...
DW EXCAVATION ...
DYADIC DATA CONSULTING LLC ...
DZIDRA RUMBA ...
D2 CARPENTRY SERVICE ...
D3 CONSTRUCTION CO ...
D4 SECURITY SOLUTIONS LLC ...
D ADAMS ...
D&AIRCRAFT LLC ...









E


EA SCRIBNER INSURANCE AGENCY CO ...
EB GAMES ...
EC FALES CONSTRUCTION CO ...
ED ADAMS SANITATION ...
EE COMPUTER SERVICES ...
EF BURCHFIELD ASSOCIATES CO ...
EG JOHNSON ...
EH BENWAY CO ...
EI PRINTING ...
EJ BUILDING&RENOVATIONS ...




EK GROUNDS MAINT ...
EL BADRY MORRY&MINA ...
EM BEE CLEANERS CO ...
EN SNIPES TRUCKING CO ...
EODS AUTOMOTIVE ...
EP CARTER WIRE PREP ...
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY&AFFRMTV ...
ER CONSTRUCTION ...
ES BOULOS ...
ET CASH FUEL ...




EUBANKS TAX&ACCOUNTING SERVICES ...
EV CONSULTING CO ...
EW CARPENTRY ...
EXACT DISPENSING SYSTEMS ...
EYE CARE EYE WEAR CENTER ME ...
EZ AUCTIONET ...
E2E SOLUTIONS LLC ...
E ACCESSORIES ...
E&B CONSTRUCTIONINVERTS ...









F


FA PEABODY CO ...
FB ENVIRONMENTAL ASSOCIATE LLC ...
FC BEACON GROUP CO ...
FD DESIGN ...
FE GIBBS ROOFING ...
FFA ENTERPRISES LLC ...
FG COACHING AND PLANNING ...
FH ENTERPRISES ...
FI WOOD RESTAURANT ...




FJ CARNEY CO ...
FL PUTNAM INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CO ...
FM 94 LISTENER LINE ...
FND CO ...
FO GOLDTHWAITE OF MAINE CO ...
FP CAFE CO ...
FRAAS SLADE ...
FS PHOTOGRAPHY ...




FT FAIRFIELD HARDWARE ...
FU LE INVESTMENTS LLC ...
FV ADDICK ...
FW TRUCKING ...
FX DESIGNS ...
FYE ...
F AND L PAINTING ...
F&B WOOD COOPERATION CO ...









G


GA CARPENTRY ...
GB BUILDERS ...
GC ENTERTAINMENT ...
GDL PAINT ...
GE ...
GF FUNDING LLC ...
GG CRAFT CO ...
GH BASS&CO ...
GI JOE LLC ...
GJ LEIGHTONS ...
GK HOSPITALITY LLC ...




GL ROGERS AND CO CO ...
GM CARPENTRY ...
GNADE TECHNOLOGY ...
GO BABE SLINGS ...
GP ASSOCIATES ...
GR I NEWINGTON LLC ...
GS CO ...
GT BOWLING CO ...
GUACKY VENTURES LLC ...
GV INSURANCE AGENCY ...




GW GORDON&ASSOCIATES CO ...
GYM ...
GZA GEO ENVIRONMENTAL CO ...
G2 AERO WORKS CO ...
G3 ENTERPRISES ...
G4 HOLDINGS CO ...
G5 CONSULTING SERVICES ...
G73 ...
G 3 CREATIVE ...
G&B WALL CO ...









H


HA CASSIDYS ...
HB ENGINEERING ...
HC ACRE FARM AND FEED ...
HD AND SONS SEAFOOD ...
HE CALLAHAN CONSTRUCTION CO ...
HF PINKHAM ...
HGL CO ...
HHJSCOMMERCIAL MAINTENANCE ...
HI BOMBAY RESTAURANT ...




HJ DOSTIE ENTERPRISES ...
HKS CO ...
HL PATTEN CONSTRUCTION CO ...
HM BICKFORD CO ...
HNTB CO ...
HO BOUCHARD CO ...
HP CUMMINGS CONSTRUCTION CO ...
HQ NETWORK ...
HR BURGERS LLC ...




HS BUILDER ...
HT DEVELOPER LLC ...
HUA HANG RESTAURANT CO ...
HVAC PRODUCTS CO ...
HW APPRAISAL ASSN ...
HYALITE ENGINEERS NORTHEAST CO ...
H2 OUTFITTERS ...
H ALAN MOONEY PE ...
H&AUTO SALES ...









I


IAA VEHICLE DONATION ...
IB CONTROLS CO ...
IC INDUSTRIAL CO ...
ID CONSTRUCTION ...
IEA ENGINEERING LLC ...
IF I149 I149 ...
IGA ...
IH FENDERSON ASSOC ...
II BASIL BRYANT ...




IKE ROBERTS BUILDER ...
IL MEDIA MANAGEMENT ...
IM AND CHANNA STACEY SCHO FDN CO ...
IN ACT INVESTIGATIONS ...
IOAN COSMA MD ...
IPAC FABRICS CO ...
IR CAMBRIDGE SOLAR LLC ...
ISA ...
IT 911 ASSISTANCE ...




IUOE ...
IVA FUNDS DISTRIBUTORS LLC ...
IW FINANCIAL ...
IYAD SABBAGH MD ...
IZABELA LUTOSTANSKA MD ...
I95 TECHNOLOGY GROUP LLC ...
I 95 FOOD TREND ...
I&C SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ...









J


JA BELANGER BUILDER ...
JB ...
JC BUILDING PRODUCTS FAX ...
JD AT YOUR SERVICE ...
JE AND MKM LLC ...
JF BURNS MARKETING LLC ...
JG CONSTRUCTION ...
JH CONSULTING ...
JIBRYNE CO ...




JJ CLEANERS ...
JK CONSTRUCTION ...
JL BORNICK CO ...
JM BENNETT HY7DROSEEDING CO ...
JN CABINETS AND INSTALLATION LLC ...
JO ANN RONCO ...
JP ANTIQUES AND GIFTS ...
JR ALLEN CONSTRUCTION ...
JS AUTO REPAIR ...




JT BARGAINS&HARDWARE ...
JU JITSUSELF DEFENSE ...
JV CASCO BAY ENGINEERINGCLD CONSULTING ENGINEERS LLC ...
JW AUTO REPAIR LLC ...
JYNX PRODUCTIONS ...
JZ MANAGEMENT CO ...
J1 TAX REFUNDS LLC ...
J ACQUISITION CO CO ...
J&B ATLANTIC CO ...









K


KA CLASON FINE WOODWORKING CO ...
KB ...
KC CAPTURES ...
KD CONSTRUCTION LLC ...
KE SECURITY ...
KFA ONLINE LLC ...
KG APPRAISERS ...
KHADRA ISMAIL ...
KI ASSOCIATES ...
KJ COBB PAINTING&DRYWALL ...




KK PROPERTY MANAGEMENT CO ...
KL CONSTRUCTION AND REAL ESTATE LLC ...
KM BOOKKEEPING SERVICES ...
KN ENTERPRISE ...
KOA CAMPGROUND ...
KP CONSULTING ...
KR BUILDERS ...
KS CUSTOM EMBROIDERY ...
KT AVIATION CO ...
KU RUTH PHYLLIDIA ...




KV HEALTH CLUB ...
KW ENTERPRISES CO ...
KY CONSTRUCTION CO ...
KZ APPLICATORS LLC ...
K2 LANDSCAPE ...
K8RESOURCES ...
K9 BURNER SERVICE&REPAIR ...
K 9 GROOMING ...
K&B ANTIQUES ...









L


LA ACTION GROUP ...
LB CONSTRUCTION CO ...
LC AMES LLC ...
LD BUILDERS&REMODELING CO ...
LE ASSOCIATES LLC ...
LF ASSOCIATES LLC ...
LG CHARTER CO ...
LH HOUSING HINEC LLC ...
LIA SOPHIA ...




LJD UTILITY CO ...
LK INSTALLATION ...
LL BEAMS CO ...
LM HEATING ...
LN VIOLETTE ...
LO GIUDICE SUSAN E ATTORNEY ...
LP APPLIANCE SERVICE CO ...
LR BRIGHT CO ...
LS D AND ...




LT SERVICES CO ...
LUANNA BEAUCHAMP MD ...
LV HYDROELECTRIC DEVELOPMENT CO ...
LW MEAD ENTERPRISES CO ...
LYBROOK APARTMENTS ...
L3 COMMUNICATION GSI ...
L AND E ENTERPRISES ...
L&B BBQ LLC ...









M


MA ADAMS DAVID ...
MB CUSTOM CONTRACTORS ...
MC ALBRECHT ME ...
MD BARNS NORTHEST LLC ...
ME 3 TECHNOLOGY CONSULTANTS ...
MF ANDERSON&SONS ELECTRIC CO ...
MG ASSOCIATES ...
MH ...
MI APPRAISALS CO ...
MJ APARTMENTS ...
MK CONSTRUCTION ...




ML MOBILE TRUCK REPAIR ...
MM AGENT RECRUTING LLC ...
MN DESIGNS ...
MO DOODY ELECTRIC BUCK ...
MP 4 WAY CO ...
MR ADAMS TATTOOS ...
MS AUTO ...
MT ABRAM BOOSTERS ...
MU 5 TARD ...
MVB PAINTING ...




MW BEAULIEU&SONS EXCAVATING&GEN CONTRACTING ...
MX 207 ...
MY 3 SONS YARD WORK ...
MZ ENTERPRISES LLC ...
M2 STRUCTURAL ENGINEERING PC ...
M3 CONSULTING ...
M4 INDUSTRIES ...
M0RRISON S SPORTING GOODS ...
M ALLEN ELIZABETH ...
M&AUTO SERVICE LLC ...









N


NA CARTIER LLC ...
NB PROMOTIONS ...
NC SHEPARD LLC ...
ND DONUTS LLC ...
NE BAPTIST COUNCIL ...
NFI INDUSTRIES CO ...
NG BUILDING ...
NH BRAGG&SONS CO ...
NIA CO ...
NJ RAITHEL CO ...




NK MUSIC SCHOOL BAND DIVISION ...
NL FINANCIAL ALLIANCE ...
NMAEC ...
NNECPA ...
NO 1 CHINESE RESTAURANT ...
NP FAMILY MEDICINE ...
NQC PUMP SVC CO ...
NR BOOKKEEPING CO ...
NS DESIGN ...
NTENSION ...




NU IMAGE DAY SPA&SALON ...
NV HAIR STUDIO ...
NWK ENTERPRISES CO ...
NXI ...
NYADA PASSPORT TO AFRICA ...
N2 HIT SERVICES ...
N8 DRYWALL PAINT&TILE ...
N AACP NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPL ...
N&B TEXACO STATION ...









O


OA CENTERS FOR ORTHOPAEDICS ...
OB COYOTE CO ...
OC CONSULTING ...
OD APPLIANCE SVC ...
OE ASSOCIATES CO ...
OF MERCY SISTERS ...
OGDEN DIRECTORIES ...
OH BENTO ...
OIL ...
OJPC CO ...




OK CONSTRUCTORS CO ...
OL MALO FOUNDATION CO ...
OM HOSPITALITY CO ...
ON BIT MEDIA ...
OO LA LA CARD&GIFTS ...
OP BUILDERS ...
OQUNQUIT RIVER BUILDERS ...
ORA BENNETT CDL ...
OS CONSULTING CO ...
OT AT WORK ...




OUELETTE FUNERAL&MEMORIAL SERVICES CO ...
OVATION FUND RAISING COUNSEL LLC ...
OWATONNA CAMP FOR BOYS ASSOCIATION CO ...
OX ALIDADES VISIONAL LLC ...
OYER INSURANCE AGENCY ...
OZ ENTERPRISES CO ...
O2 SALON ...
O 2 ...
O&39 CONNOR AUTOPARK ...









P


PA ARCHER SOLUTIONS CO ...
PB AND J PROPERTIES LLC ...
PC AUTHORITY ...
PD CONSTRUCTION ...
PE OHALLORAN CO ...
PF MAINE ...
PG BUILDERS CO ...
PH AUTOMOTIVES ...
PI BETA PHI MAINE ALPHA CHAPTER UNIVERSITY OF MAINE MEMORIAL ...
PJ C TOOLS ...




PK BASS TACKLE ...
PL JB CONSTRUCTION ...
PM CONSTRUCTION CO CO ...
PNA CO ...
PO BOX 507 ...
PPC DISPOSITION CO ...
PQ CONTROLS CO ...
PR EXPRESS CO ...
PS GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LLC ...




PT CAB CO ...
PUB ...
PV CONSTRUCTION ...
PW FISHING ...
PYENTA MATTHEW G DO ...
PZAZZ ...
P20 CONSORTIUM ...
P AND B PAVING ...
P&B PAVING ...









Q


QA ASSISTANT LLC ...
QC BUILDERS ...
QED MEDIA GROUP LLC ...
QF CYCLE ...
QHS CO ...
QI CREATIVE ...
QKR CHURCH OPEN DOOR COMM TBL ...




QML PROFESSIONALS LLC ...
QNH ENTERPRISES CO ...
QONE LLC ...
QPC PAVING ...
QS 1 DATA SYSTEMS ...
QT OPTOELECTRONICS ...
QUAD COUNTY SNOWMOBILE CLUB CO ...




QWERTY ...
Q2 EVALUATION ...
Q4 DIRECT MARKETING ...
Q5 LABS ...
Q 1065 FM ...
Q&BUILDING AND RESTORATIONS ...









R


RA CRAWFORD&SON LAND&TIMBE ...
RB CARPENTRY ...
RC BH CO ...
RD EATON BUILDER ...
RE COLEMAN ...
RF AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR ...
RG&SON TRUCKING ...
RH APARTMENTS LP ...
RI MITCHELL CO ...
RJ AND DAD TRUCKING ...




RK ASSOC ...
RL BUILDERS ...
RM AUTO REPAIR ...
RN CRAFT CO ...
RO MAR CUSTOM WOOD CO ...
RP BOAT SHOP CO ...
RR CARPENTRY ...
RS AUTO WORKS ...
RT 126 CITGO ...




RU CRAZY VENDING ...
RV BEAN&SONS PUMPS ...
RW BUTLER CAPITAL CO ...
RXR AUTOGROUP ...
RYAN ADDITON OWNER AND LANDSCAPER ...
RZ DESIGN ...
R2B CO ...
R AFTS CO ...
R&B AUTO SALES ...









S


SA MCLEAN CO CO ...
SB ACQUISITIONS LLC ...
SC CLEMONS HEATING&COOLING ...
SD CHILDS&SONS EXCAVATION CO ...
SE BROWN CONSTRUCTION ...
SF BURTT&SON CO ...
SG PHILLIPS CONSTRUCTION CO CO ...
SH ELECTRIC ...
SIA BELLO SALON&SPA ...
SJ CLISHAM CO ...
SK DURRELL AGENCY PA ...




SL TECH ...
SM ENTERPRISES ...
SNACK ATTACK VENDING ...
SO AROOSTOOK CHURCH OF CHRIST ...
SP PLUMBING AND HEATING CO ...
SQF LLC ...
SR AUTOBODY ...
SS ELECTRONICS ...
ST AGATHA ...
SU CASA CO ...
SV PAINTING CO ...




SW BOATWORKS ...
SX RACING STABLE CO ...
SY ALTERNATIVE HEALTHCARE ...
SZABRONSKI GUS RESERVOIR ...
S10 SHOP ...
S2QUARED SOLUTION ...
S3 DIGITAL PUBLISHING CO ...
S4Y CO ...
S ABEL CO ...
S&786 LLC ...









T


TA BUILDERS ...
TB BUILDERS ...
TC CARPENTRY ...
TD BANC NORTH INVESTMENT PLANNING ...
TE GOULD DRILLING AND BLASTING CO ...
TF KEEFE CO ...
TG CONSTRUCTION ...
TH BARN ...
TI CREDENTIALING CO ...
TJ LYNCH FLOOR COVERING CO ...
TK AUTO DETALING ...




TL ...
TM AND TM CO ...
TN COUNTY MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES ...
TO BE CHAMPION LLC ...
TP CN SMORE ...
TQF US COMPUTER SERVICE ...
TR DILLON LOGGING CO ...
TS CLEANING CO ...
TT CONSTRUCTION ...
TU CASA SALVADOERENA RESTAURANT ...
TV LIN ...




TW CENTRAL CO ...
TX ...
TY BREHAUT ...
TZIKAS GEORGE ...
T14 PLUMBING&HEATING CO ...
T2E SOLUTIONS CO ...
T3 TRAINING CENTER ...
T4G ...
T9 SPORT ...
T 3 LEASING CO ...
T&B BUILDERS CO ...









U


UA LOCAL 788 MARINE PIPEFITTERS ...
UBCJA LU 1996 ...
UCAN CO ...
UDDER HEAVEN ...
UEHLINGER JEAN ...
UFUEL OF TEXAS CO ...
UGA ASSOCIATION FIELD SERVICE ...
UHAUL ...




UI LONG DISTANCE CO ...
UJJWAL GUPTA MD ...
UKELADY MUSIC ...
ULANG COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION ...
UM CHILDRENS DAY CARE CENTER ...
UN OF ME FOUNDATION ...
UP ASSOCIATES ...




URBAN ADULT DEVELOPMENTAL TRAINING CENTERSKILLS CO ...
US AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT ...
UTAH POWER CO ...
UU SUPERMARKET ...
UVEITIS&RETINA CARE LLC ...
UZMA NAAZ MD ...
U BETTER ...









V


VA BANGOR CLINIC ...
VBF LLC ...
VC PRINT ...
VEAYO PROPERTIES ...
VF OUTDOOR CO ...
VHA ...
VIA AGENCY ...
VJLRF PA ...




VK AUGUSTA LLC ...
VLADIMIR B TITOV ...
VM DIRECT ...
VNA HOME HEALTH CARE ...
VOANNE BANGOR SENIOR HOUSING LP ...
VP BUILDERS CO ...
VR 62 ...
VS LAWRENCE LLC ...




VTB ASSOCIATES ...
VUE TEK SCIENTIFIC ...
VVD NETWORKS ...
VYTOPIL DR MICHAL ...
VZC ETC CELLULAR ...
V ACCESS NETWORK ...
V&C GETTY MART ...









W


WA LOGGING LLC ...
WB ENGINEERING CO ...
WC DEGREENIA&SON ...
WD COLLINS TRUCKING I ...
WE BAKERY ...
WF BUILDERS ...
WG MACOMBER 2&FAMILY PLUMBING ...
WH DEMMONS ...
WIBBY DR WAYNE W ...
WJ WHEELER&CO CO ...




WK CAPITAL ENTERPRISES CO ...
WLAM ...
WM B BALL ENGR ...
WNBEGIN LLC ...
WO HESPERUS CO ...
WP BROGAN&ASSOCIATES ...
WQCB ...
WR CONCORD REALTY LLC ...
WS CARPENTRY ...




WTA HANSEN MEML LIBRARY ...
WU ARTS ...
WVA ...
WW CO ...
WYAND ENTERPRISES LLC CO ...
WZAN ...
W2 CREATIVE LLC ...
W ABI TV NEWS DEPARTMENT ...
W&C ...









X


XACT MESSAGE ...
XCAT TRAVEL ...
XENIA ROFES ...
XI BETA OF CHI OMEGA HOUSE CO ...
XL AIR HEATING&COOLING ...




XPEDITE TECHNOLOGIES ...
XRAY PROFESSIONAL ASSN ...
XS POWER SPORTS ...
XTRA MART ...
XU GAN ...




XWAVE NEW ENGLAND ...
XX FRECHETTE SR ROBERT R ...
XYZ RESTAURANT ...
X3 COMMUNICATIONS ...
X 2 GRAPHICS ...









Y


YA DESIGNS AND MORE CO ...
YBG ASSOCIATES ...
YC COTTAGE ASSOCIATE LP ...
YE OLD GENERAL STORE ...
YFI CUSTOM HOMES ...
YGULL&ASSOCIATES REALTOR ...




YIANNI S HOUSE OF PIZZA ...
YLIMES GOURMET ...
YMCA ...
YO MAMMA CO ...
YR POULIN TRUCKING ...
YSOKO CO ...




YTB ...
YU DR JOANNA ...
YVAN GRIMARD ...
YWCA ...
Y BOBS PLACE ...









Z


ZAANS LLC ...
ZBGLASS WHOLESALE LLC ...
ZD WIRE PRODUCTS CO ...
ZEALANDIA HOLDING CO CO ...
ZF LEMFORDER CO ...
ZHANG RENCHI ...




ZIA SUN CO ...
ZJM2 LLC ...
ZKK INVESTMENTS LLC ...
ZLOTKOWSKI PLUMBING&HEATING CO ...
ZODIE MARKETING CO ...
ZREYAS HAIR SALON ...




ZUCKERMAN ROBERTA PSYCHOTHERAPIST ...
ZWEB LLC ...
ZYACORP ENTERTAINMENT I LLC ...
Z BOOKKEEPER ...
Z&H PAINTING CO ...









1


1A RENOVATIONS ...
1CAREPLACE CO ...
1GO GREEN LANDSCAPING CO ...
1ST ADVANCED PAINTING SOLUTIONS OF CENTRAL MAINE ...
11 PLEASANT STREET LLC ...




12 MILTON ROAD LLC ...
13 MOONS ...
145 STATE STREET LLC ...
15 EXCHANGE LLC ...
16 BEAL STREET LLC ...




17 LINCOLN STREET ...
18 BELOW ...
19 OAKS LLC ...
10 FIDELITY NATL INFO SVC ...
1 2 3 DIRECT DISH SATELLITE TV ...









2


2A ARCHITECTS LLC ...
2BK9 ...
2DUBB ...
2FB LLC ...
2GO BOX LLC ...
2JOHNS PLUMBING AND HEATING ...
2KXII INVESTMENTS AUSTRALIA LLC ...




2M LUCIER CENTRAL COMMONS LLC ...
2ND AMENDMENT WEAR ...
2X4 CONSTRUCTION ...
21 ATLANTIC AVENUE CO ...
22 BROAD STREET ...
23 N MAIN LLC ...
24 7 TOWING ...




25 INDUSTRIAL AVE CHELMSFORD LLC ...
26 CHESTNUT STREET ...
27 COOL STREET OPERATIONS LLC ...
28 BROAD STREET LLC ...
29 OCEAN ...
20 BELOW VIDEO ...
2 ACADEMY HALL ...









3


3BUOYS SEAFOOD LLC ...
3C32 LLC ...
3D CONSTRUCTION CO ...
3LION LLC ...
3MC SERVICES CO ...
3RD GENERATION AUTOMOTIVE LLC ...




3S CONTEMPORARY ARTS SPACE CO ...
3V MARKETING ...
315 PARK AVE PROPERTIES LLC ...
32 NORTH CO ...
33 PEN PLAZA ASSOCIATION ...
34 DEPOT STREET LLC ...




35 MAIN STREET OUTLET ...
360 AIRCRAFT LLC ...
37 PARK LLC ...
38 CO ...
30 MILE RIVER WATERSHED ASSN ...
3 AMIGOS CO ...









4


4BUSINESSHOSTING ...
4ESOLUTIONS IGLOBAL CLASSROOMS LEADERSHIP PROJECTS ...
4LEGGEDFRIENDZEE ...
4M PRODUCTIONS ...
4R ANIMAL SHELTER ...
4SIDE DIRECT LLC ...




4T PRESSURE WASHING ...
4X4 GROUPBUY CO ...
41 INTERACTIVE LLC ...
436 MAIN STREET LEWISTON ...
44 DEGREES NORTH ...
45 NORTH CARTOGRAPHIC ...




46 LOWELL JUNCTION ROAD LLC ...
47 EAST ...
48 COTTAGE ...
49 FRANKLIN RECEPTION HALL&THEATER ...
40 15 TENNIS ...
4 ARCHITECT ...









5


5D IMAGING ...
5IVELEAF DESIGN STUDIO ...
5K PIZZA CO ...
5X5 WORKS LLC ...
51 WHARF RESTAURANT&LOUNGE ...
521 NOTT STREET LLC ...




53 DANFORTH STREET LP ...
544 AUGUSTA REHABILITATION CENTER ...
550 NORWAY REHABILITATION&LIVING C ...
560 ON MAIN LLC ...
57 MAIN STREET LLC ...




58 LOWELL JUNCTION ROAD LLC ...
59 OTIS ST REALTY LLC ...
50 FISH ...
5 BROTHERS TILE ...
5&35 AUTO REPAIR ...









6


6S YOGA LLC ...
610 GOLD STREET LLC ...
632 BRIGHTON ASSOCIATES LLC ...
64 LISBON STREET LLC ...




66 S&S CO ...
67 MARKET ...
68 DEVONSHIRE STREET CO ...




69 ROUTE 11 LLC ...
60 MINUTE PHOTO ...
6 CENTS DIVERSIFIED CO ...









7


7E PROPERTIES ...
7TH DAY ADVENTIST FLWSHP GROUP ...
7101 GREENLEAF WOODS LLC ...
72 CUMBERLAND STREET LLC ...




73 PEARL STREET LP ...
74 AUTO ...
75 FIFTH AVENUE ESTATES LLC ...
76 PLEASANT STREET LLC ...




77 SEWALL ST ASSOCIATES ...
70 MARKET STREET LLC ...
7 ANGELS LLC ...









8


81 PARK STREET LLC ...
828 INVESTORS LLC ...
836 OLD POST ROAD ...
84 COURT PIZZA RESTAURANT ...




85TH AVENUE AIRSTRIP CO CO ...
86 COTTAGE STREET LLC ...
87 ELM STREET CONF ROOM ...




88 PIECES OF EIGHT ...
800 BUY DISHNETWOK ...
8 CORNER MARKET ...









9


9LECTROLUX ...
9ONE 1 DESIGNS LLC ...
91 SOUTH ...
92 MOOSE WMME WEZW ...




93 TOWNSEND ...
95 OCEAN AT NONANTUM RESORT ...
96 OCEAN PARK ...
970 STRING INSTRUMENTS ...




985 MAIN STREET LLC ...
99 BOSTON CO ...
90 NAILS&SPA ...
9 LAKE OUTFITTERS ...









0


0208 AUTO SPECIALTIES ...

















 






Maine Business Directory Index. HI ...

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















MaineHI
 



Maine Business Directory Index. HI ...







HI ...
HI WIRE LOGGING ...
HICKEYS TREE SERVICE ...
HICKS VERNON E JR ...
HIDDEN MOUNTAIN COTTAGES&GIFT SHOP ...
HIDDEN VALLEY EQUESTRIAN CENTER CO ...
HIFI EXCHANGE ...
HIGGINS BEACH MARKET ...
HIGGINS GUIDE SERVICE ...
HIGGINS PHILIP W JR DMD ...
HIGGINS&SONS CUSTOM ROOFING ...
HIGH FIVE MASSAGE ...
HIGH PEAKS ALLIANCE ...
HIGH SEAS MARINE SVC ...
HIGH STREET CONGREGATION CHURCH ...
HIGH TECH MAINTANCE ...
HIGH VOLTAGE ENGINE WORKS ...
HIGHER GROUND LLC ...
HIGHLAND BLADES ...
HIGHLAND GREEN ...
HIGHLAND ORGANICS TASTE OF WILD MAINE IN EVERY BLUEBERRY ...
HIGHLAND WOOD PRODUCTS ...
HIGHLANDS LLC ...
HIGHOVER MORGANS AND BOXERS ...
HIGHT FORD MERCURY ...
HIGHWAY MAINTENANCE ...
HIHAT PANCAKE HOUSE ...
HILDA CRANE CONSULTANT ...
HILL ACME ...
HILL FIRE GRILL ...
HILL PROPERTIES LLC ...
HILL TOP POOLS AND SPA CO ...
HILLCREST CREATIONS ...
HILLIARD FARMS ...
HILLS APARTMENT COMMUNITIES LLC ...
HILLSHIRE BRANDS CO ...
HILLSIDE CUSTOM WOODWORKING ...
HILLSIDE IGA ...
HILLTOP AIRPORTME92 ...
HILLTOP FARMS ...
HILLTOP MINI MART CO ...
HILLVIEW SCHOOL HEAD START ...
HILTON GARDEN INN PORTLAND AIRPORT MAINE ...
HINCKLEY CO ...
HINEC NEWPORT MANAGER LLC ...
HINKLEYS DREAMWOOD COTTAGES ...
HIRAM BLAKE CAMP CO ...
HIRAM TOWN OF TOWN OFFICE ...
HIRST ASSOCIATE CO ...
HIS MAJESTYS SERVICES FOR LAY MISSIONS ...
HISSONG READY MIX AND AGGREGATES LLC ...
HISTORIC TOURS OF YORK BEACH ...
HITECH COMMUNICATIONS ...














 






Business Directory of Maine. HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC ...

































Business DirectoryInformation on every company and professional organization









        Find businesses
    



business name





city, state, or zip code




Search






















MaineHIHIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC ...
 



Business Directory of Maine. HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC ...







HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC
Portland, ME


Industry:Plastic Card Printing Equipment Sales And Service.  Sale And Service Of Embossers, Imprinters, Labeling Hardware And Software., Ret Computers/Software Whol Office Equipment Whol Industrial Equipment, Computer & Equipment Dealers
Doing business as:Higgins Higgins Higgins & Higgins - From Portland Cumberland Freeport Gorham Pownal Scarborough West
Registration:Feb 16, 2000
Site:higgins3.com
Phone:(207) 767-3281, (207) 767-5268 (Fax)
Description:Higgins delivers innovative solutions to help you manage, share and protect your business information. In business since 1960, with over 90 years of combined experience, we prove our commitment to...
Addresses:777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Physical)PO Box 2618, Portland, ME 04116
State ID:000693748
Business type:Foreign Corporation
Members (14):David R. Higgins Iii (President), 777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Physical)David R Higgins (President), 777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Physical)Iii David R. Higgins (President), 777 Broadway, South Portland, ME 04106 (Mailing)John L. Carpenter (Clerk), 100 Middle St., Portland, ME 04104 (Mailing)Howard Fenderson (Director of Data Processing)...
Agent:C T Corporation System155 Federal Street Ste 700, Boston, MA 02110 (Physical)
SIC:5734 - Computer and Computer Software Stores
SIC6:573407 - Computer & Equipment Dealers
Categories:Computer & Equipment Dealers, Identification Equipment & Supplies, Marking & Coding Equipment & Systems
Open Hours:Mon 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Tue 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Wed 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Thu 08:00 AM-05:00 PM, Fri 08:00 AM-05:00 PM
Specialties:Call for prompt response
In business since:1960
Areas served:ME
Customers served:Industrial
Products:All-In-One Machines, Cables & Wires, CD-ROM Drives, Cleaning Services, Computer Furniture, ...
Payment options:American Express, Credit Terms Available, MasterCard, VISA
Languages:English
Emergency service:Emergency service available
Additional:Her, 1960-2012 52 Years of Excellence
Company size:4
Business Background Report





Higgins Jr, Walter L DMD LLC
82 Baribeau Dr, Mere Point, ME 04011


Industry:Dentist's Office
Phone:(207) 725-4311
Members (3):Walter L. Higgins (President, Family And General Dentistry)Maryjane Savreal (Manager)Erica Brillant (Manager)
Business Background Report





Higgins H A & Son Inc
Main Road, Charleston, ME 04422


Categories:Sand & Gravel Dealers, Septic Tanks & Systems Contractors & Dealers, Top Soil & Fill Soil Dealers
Phone:(207) 285-3404
Summary:"Please Click On "Business Link" Below For Detailed Information.
Customers served:Residential, Commercial, Industrial
Specialties:Septic System Installations, Septic Systems, Topsoil
Products:Drainage Systems, Inspections, Sand Gravel, Septic Systems
Payment options:Credit Terms Available, Money Orders, Personal Checks
Open Hours:Mon-Fri: 08:00am-05:00pm
Emergency service:Emergency service available
Business Background Report





Higgins Jr, Dr. Philip W
9 Applewood Rd, Rockport, ME 04856


Industry:Dentists, Oral Surgeons
Phone:(207) 236-0899
Member:Philip Higgins
Business Background Report





Higgins, M & Son Oil Service
5 Shadow Ln, Berwick, ME 03901


Industry:Ret Fuel Oil Dealer
Phone:(207) 698-5423
Member:Gail E. Higgins (Partner)
Business Background Report





Higgins Peter MD
96 Campus Dr, Scarborough, ME 04074


Categories:Physicians & Surgeons
Phone:(207) 883-2359
Business Background Report





Higgins John NMFS
69 Pemaquid Harbor Rd, Pemaquid, ME 04558


Categories:Marine Resource Consultants
Phone:(207) 677-2316
Business Background Report





Higgins Matthew
248 Old Alfred Rd, Arundel, ME 04046


Categories:Roofing Contractors
Phone:(207) 284-0465
Business Background Report





Higgins Oil Burner Service
Kittery, ME 03904


Categories:Oil Burners Services
Phone:(207) 439-2094
Business Background Report





Higgins Home Improvements
Waterville, ME 04901


Phone:(207) 873-1059
Business Background Report





Higgins Painting
71 Plaza Dr, Sanford, ME 04073


Industry:Painting/Paper Hanging Contractor
Member:Tom Higgins (Principal, inactive)
Business Background Report





Higgins Guide Service
795 Lily Bay Rd, Greenville, ME 04441


Industry:Services-Misc
Business Background Report





Higgins Hydroseeding Co
Rome, ME


Industry:Residential Construction
Addresses:113 High St, Rome, ME 04963PO Box 199, Rome, ME 04963
Business Background Report





HIGGINS OFFICE PRODUCTS, INC


Registration:Mar 8, 2013
State ID:4371643
Business type:Foreign Business Corporation
Agent:Ct Corporation System111 8Th Avenue, New York, NY 10011 (Physical)





HIGGINS IRISH RED ALE (trademark)
Bangor, ME



Registration:Jan 8, 2015
State ID:86498170
Status:680 - Approved for publication
Status date:Mar 3, 2015
Illustration:Drawing with word(s)/letter(s)/number(s) in Block form
Attorney:Gregory P. DorrFARRELL, ROSENBLATT & RUSSELL61 Main St Ste 1, Bangor, ME 04401
Employee:Andrea R Hack
Goods & Services:"ale", Beer, ale, lager, stout and porter
Owner:Timka, Inc, 570 Main St., Bangor, ME 04401





Higgins Office Products
90 Mt Vernon Rd, Augusta, ME 04330


Status:Inactive
Industry:Photocopying Services
Business Background Report
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















john l higgins - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins - View Doctor Reports & Reviews!



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​John Higgins



View Doctor Reports & Reviews! Online Appointments Made Easy.





Doctors by Specialty



Find Doctors by Name



Find A Doctor



UcompareHealthcare




Web Results

John L Higgins Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/John-L-Higgins


View the profiles of people named John L Higgins. Join Facebook to connect with John L Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


John L. Higgins - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/john-higgins-ligand-pharmaceuticals/salary/...


View John L. Higgins, Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, San Diego, CA, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary ...


John L. Higgins | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/john.l.higgins


John L. Higgins is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with John L. Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes...


John L Higgins | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-l-higgins-27384631


View John L Higgins’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John L Higgins discover inside ...


John L Higgins: Veromi's People Search and Business Directory

www.veromi.com/John-L-Higgins.aspx


John L Higgins index page in the Veromi People Index. Veromi has the most comprehensive people and Business data base in the world.


John L Higgins - Ho Ho Kus, NJ | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/John-Higgins/Ho Ho Kus-NJ/08F9B2DCPJ9


Get full contact details for John L Higgins in Ho Ho Kus, NJ instantly. We found 5 addresses, 4 phone numbers, and 7 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...


John L Higgins 1834-1880 - Ancestry

https://www.ancestry.com/genealogy/records/john-l-higgins_36505849


Research genealogy for John L Higgins of Virginia, USA, as well as other members of the Higgins family, on Ancestry.


News - John L. Higgins - thepharmaletter.com

https://www.thepharmaletter.com/listing/news/john-l-higgins?tagid...


The Pharma Letter provides subscribers with daily, up-to-date news, business intelligence, comment and analysis for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and generics ...


John Higgins | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnlhiggins


View John Higgins’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John Higgins discover inside ...


John Higgins | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/John-Higgins


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 2,267 people named John Higgins. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.










John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Sell Books for Gift Cards




Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks





We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins - View Doctor Reports & Reviews!



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​John Higgins



View Doctor Reports & Reviews! Online Appointments Made Easy.





Doctors by Specialty



Find Doctors by Name



Find A Doctor



UcompareHealthcare



12345Next






Answers







John Higgin



John Higgin is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, and 1940s, playing at club level for Barrow, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4. Playing...

more






Robin L. Higgins



Robin L. Higgins is a former Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Early life and education A...

more






The Higgins



The Higgins are a multi-award-winning Canadian country music group from Delta, British Columbia. The Higgins comprise three John (born June 4, 1982),...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














john l higgins - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins | About.com



Ad
 ·
About.com/​John Higgins



Related Articles on John Higgins 85+ Million Visitors - Search Now





Search About.com



About.com Home



About.com Story



100+ Topics



1000 Expert Writers





John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks




Web Results

John L Higgins Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/John-L-Higgins


View the profiles of people named John L Higgins. Join Facebook to connect with John L Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


John L. Higgins - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/john-higgins-ligand-pharmaceuticals/salary/...


View John L. Higgins, Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, San Diego, CA, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary ...


John L. Higgins | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/john.l.higgins


John L. Higgins is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with John L. Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes...


John L Higgins | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-l-higgins-27384631


View John L Higgins’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John L Higgins discover inside ...


John L Higgins: Veromi's People Search and Business Directory

www.veromi.com/John-L-Higgins.aspx


John L Higgins index page in the Veromi People Index. Veromi has the most comprehensive people and Business data base in the world.


John L Higgins - Ho Ho Kus, NJ | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/John-Higgins/Ho Ho Kus-NJ/08F9B2DCPJ9


Get full contact details for John L Higgins in Ho Ho Kus, NJ instantly. We found 5 addresses, 4 phone numbers, and 7 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...


John L Higgins 1834-1880 - Ancestry

https://www.ancestry.com/genealogy/records/john-l-higgins_36505849


Research genealogy for John L Higgins of Virginia, USA, as well as other members of the Higgins family, on Ancestry.


News - John L. Higgins - thepharmaletter.com

https://www.thepharmaletter.com/listing/news/john-l-higgins?tagid...


The Pharma Letter provides subscribers with daily, up-to-date news, business intelligence, comment and analysis for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and generics ...


John Higgins | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnlhiggins


View John Higgins’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John Higgins discover inside ...


John Higgins | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/John-Higgins


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 2,267 people named John Higgins. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.










We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins | About.com



Ad
 ·
About.com/​John Higgins



Related Articles on John Higgins 85+ Million Visitors - Search Now





Search About.com



About.com Home



About.com Story



100+ Topics



1000 Expert Writers





John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks



12345Next






Answers







John Higgin



John Higgin is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, and 1940s, playing at club level for Barrow, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4. Playing...

more






Robin L. Higgins



Robin L. Higgins is a former Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Early life and education A...

more






The Higgins



The Higgins are a multi-award-winning Canadian country music group from Delta, British Columbia. The Higgins comprise three John (born June 4, 1982),...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














john l higgins - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference



Your search for "john l higgins" returned no results.
We're temporarily experiencing connectivity delays due to heavy traffic. Sorry, please come back later.






Answers







John Higgin



John Higgin is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, and 1940s, playing at club level for Barrow, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4. Playing...

more






Robin L. Higgins



Robin L. Higgins is a former Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Early life and education A...

more






The Higgins



The Higgins are a multi-award-winning Canadian country music group from Delta, British Columbia. The Higgins comprise three John (born June 4, 1982),...

more










News Results






John L. "Jack" Hamels



Post-Journal

 - Jul 15


John L. “Jack” Hamels died July 13, 2017, at the age 94. He was the beloved husband of the late Sara F. (nee Fiorella) Hamels; devoted father of Dr....

more





John L. ‘Jack’ Boyer



The Altoona Mirror

 - Jul 15


John L. “Jack” Boyer, 80, Tyrone, died Thursday at UPMC Altoona after a brief illness. He was born in Philips-burg, son of Charles and Hilda (Dick)...

more





An afternoon of 'Straight Talk' with John...



Pennsylvania Politics

 - Jul 20


This week's news that U.S. Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., has the same, incredibly aggressive brain cancer that killed both U.S. Sen. Edward M. Kennedy,...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














john l higgins - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins | About.com



Ad
 ·
About.com/​John Higgins



Related Articles on John Higgins 85+ Million Visitors - Search Now





Search About.com



About.com Story



1000 Expert Writers




About.com Home



100+ Topics



Trusted Guides





John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



John Higgins's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Learn More



Best People Search



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records




Web Results

John L Higgins Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/John-L-Higgins


View the profiles of people named John L Higgins. Join Facebook to connect with John L Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


John L. Higgins - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/john-higgins-ligand-pharmaceuticals/salary/...


View John L. Higgins, Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, San Diego, CA, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary ...


John L. Higgins | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/john.l.higgins


John L. Higgins is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with John L. Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes...


John L Higgins | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-l-higgins-27384631


View John L Higgins’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John L Higgins discover inside ...


John L Higgins: Veromi's People Search and Business Directory

www.veromi.com/John-L-Higgins.aspx


John L Higgins index page in the Veromi People Index. Veromi has the most comprehensive people and Business data base in the world.


Ligand Appoints John L. Higgins Chief Executive Officer ...

investor.ligand.com/press-releases/detail/113/ligand-appoints-john...


SAN DIEGO--Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:LGND) announced today that John L. Higgins is joining the Company as Chief Executive Officer, President and a ...


John L Higgins - Ho Ho Kus, NJ | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/John-Higgins/Ho Ho Kus-NJ/08F9B2DCPJ9


Get full contact details for John L Higgins in Ho Ho Kus, NJ instantly. We found 5 addresses, 4 phone numbers, and 7 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...


The Making of ‘Down the Lane’ by John Higgins :: SketchUp ...

www.sketchupartists.org/tutorials/sketchup-and-photoshop/the...


The Making of ‘Down the Lane’ by John Higgins. By John Higgins. Hi my name is John Higgins and I would like to show you how I produced the image below.


John L. Higgins - CEO @ Ligand Pharmaceuticals | crunchbase

https://www.crunchbase.com/person/john-l-higgins


John L. Higgins has over 14 years of corporate development, financing, strategic planning, commercialization, and investment banking experience in the ...


John Higgins | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/John-Higgins


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 2,267 people named John Higgins. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.










We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins | About.com



Ad
 ·
About.com/​John Higgins



Related Articles on John Higgins 85+ Million Visitors - Search Now





Search About.com



About.com Story



1000 Expert Writers




About.com Home



100+ Topics



Trusted Guides





John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



John Higgins's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Learn More



Best People Search



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records



12345Next






Answers







John Higgin



John Higgin is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, and 1940s, playing at club level for Barrow, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4. Playing...

more






Robin L. Higgins



Robin L. Higgins is a former Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Early life and education A...

more






The Higgins



The Higgins are a multi-award-winning Canadian country music group from Delta, British Columbia. The Higgins comprise three John (born June 4, 1982),...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














john l higgins - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins | About.com



Ad
 ·
About.com/​John Higgins



Related Articles on John Higgins 85+ Million Visitors - Search Now





Search About.com



About.com Story



1000 Expert Writers




About.com Home



100+ Topics



Trusted Guides





John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks




Web Results

John L Higgins Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/John-L-Higgins


View the profiles of people named John L Higgins. Join Facebook to connect with John L Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


John L. Higgins - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and ...

people.equilar.com/bio/john-higgins-ligand-pharmaceuticals/salary/...


View John L. Higgins, Dir. and Chief Executive Officer at Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, San Diego, CA, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary ...


John L. Higgins | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/john.l.higgins


John L. Higgins is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with John L. Higgins and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes...


John L Higgins | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-l-higgins-27384631


View John L Higgins’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John L Higgins discover inside ...


John L Higgins: Veromi's People Search and Business Directory

www.veromi.com/John-L-Higgins.aspx


John L Higgins index page in the Veromi People Index. Veromi has the most comprehensive people and Business data base in the world.


John L Higgins - Ho Ho Kus, NJ | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/John-Higgins/Ho Ho Kus-NJ/08F9B2DCPJ9


Get full contact details for John L Higgins in Ho Ho Kus, NJ instantly. We found 5 addresses, 4 phone numbers, and 7 relatives and/or associates connected with this ...


John L Higgins 1834-1880 - Ancestry

https://www.ancestry.com/genealogy/records/john-l-higgins_36505849


Research genealogy for John L Higgins of Virginia, USA, as well as other members of the Higgins family, on Ancestry.


News - John L. Higgins - thepharmaletter.com

https://www.thepharmaletter.com/listing/news/john-l-higgins?tagid...


The Pharma Letter provides subscribers with daily, up-to-date news, business intelligence, comment and analysis for the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and generics ...


John Higgins | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnlhiggins


View John Higgins’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like John Higgins discover inside ...


John Higgins | Whitepages

www.whitepages.com/name/John-Higgins


View phone, address history, email, public records for the 2,267 people named John Higgins. Whitepages is the most trusted directory.










We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins | About.com



Ad
 ·
About.com/​John Higgins



Related Articles on John Higgins 85+ Million Visitors - Search Now





Search About.com



About.com Story



1000 Expert Writers




About.com Home



100+ Topics



Trusted Guides





John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Rent eTextbooks



12345Next






Answers







John Higgin



John Higgin is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, and 1940s, playing at club level for Barrow, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4. Playing...

more






Robin L. Higgins



Robin L. Higgins is a former Under Secretary for Memorial Affairs in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Early life and education A...

more






The Higgins



The Higgins are a multi-award-winning Canadian country music group from Delta, British Columbia. The Higgins comprise three John (born June 4, 1982),...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.













john l higgins - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards





John Higgins - View Doctor Reports & Reviews!



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​John Higgins



View Doctor Reports & Reviews! Online Appointments Made Easy.





Doctors by Specialty



Find Doctors by Name



Find A Doctor



UcompareHealthcare
















John Higgin




John Higgin is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s, and 1940s, playing at club level for Barrow, as a , i.e. number 3 or 4. Playing career Challenge Cup Final appearances

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

'The Bachelor' couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell ...

https://www.aol.com/article/entertainment/2017/05/15/ben-higgins...


(Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for iHeartMedia) BEN & LAUREN: ... (L) and Ben Higgins attend the 2016 iHeartRadio Music Festival at T-Mobile Arena on ...


Johnnie Lee Higgins | Philadelphia Eagles | National ...

https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/players/8353


The latest stats, facts, news and notes on Johnnie Lee Higgins of the Philadelphia Eagles


John Higgins, DWI Attorney, Found In Contempt For Showing ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/05/john-higgins-drunk-lawyer_n...


Some lawyers have trouble relating to the law-breakers they represent. This one, unfortunately, doesn't. Attorney John Wayne Higgins, who specializes in ...


John Patrick Higgins - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_Patrick_Higgins


John Patrick Higgins (19 February 1893 – 2 August 1955) was an officer in the United States Navy, chemist, attorney, and U.S. Representative from Massachusetts.


L.W. Higgins High School - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/L.W._Higgins_High_School


Although its physical plant was not completed until March 3, 1969, L. W. Higgins began its life as a Jefferson Parish Public School on August 28, 1968, with a ...


Edited Transcript of LGND earnings conference call or ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/edited-transcript-lgnd-earnings...


Edited Transcript of LGND earnings conference ... Edited Transcript of Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc earnings conference call or presentation ... John L. Higgins, ...


LGND Insider Transactions | Ligand Pharmaceuticals ...

https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/LGND/insider-transactions?p=LGND


HIGGINS JOHN L Officer. Option Exercise at $21 per share. Direct: 97,986: Jun 21, 2017: 4,666: HIGGINS JOHN L Officer. Automatic Sale at $120 per share. Direct: 559,920:


John Higgins - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_Higgins_(disambiguation)


This disambiguation page lists articles about people with the same name. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the ...


John Higgins | North Greenville Crusaders | College ...

https://sports.yahoo.com/ncaaf/players/223179


The latest stats, facts, news and notes on John Higgins of the North Greenville Crusaders


Stock Screener - Yahoo Finance

https://finance.yahoo.com/screener/insider/HIGGINS JOHN L


Stock Screener: Stock Research Center - Use the stock screener to search stocks by industry, index membership, share data such as price, market cap, beta, sales and ...










John Higgins | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_John Higgins



Find John Higgins Online Free phone number, address & report




We Found John Higgins | SpyFly.com



Ad
 ·
SpyFly.com/​John higgins



See Current Address, Cell Phone, Email, and More. Search For Free.




John Higgins at Amazon - Low Prices on John Higgins.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​John Higgins



Low Prices on John Higgins. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards





John Higgins - View Doctor Reports & Reviews!



Ad
 ·
UCompareHealthCare.com/​John Higgins



View Doctor Reports & Reviews! Online Appointments Made Easy.





Doctors by Specialty



Find Doctors by Name



Find A Doctor



UcompareHealthcare



12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







