


 






Kurt J. Hilzinger Elected Chairman of Humana’s Board of Directors | Humana Healthcare








 




Login













 Investor Relations 
 Customer Support 



 Search






















 Username Also known as User ID 



 Password 



 Sign in  






 Forgot your username? 




 Forgot your password? 








OR


Register as a new user



 Sign in or Register 




















 








Home Newsroom Kurt J. Hilzinger Elected Chairman of Humana’s Board of Directors 


 
Primary links

NewsroomCurrent Releases2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006


Media Contacts
Signup for Email Alerts
 






 Kurt J. Hilzinger Elected Chairman of Humana’s Board of Directors 







 Michael B. McCallister to retire from Board  






      Category:          

Current Releases 



    Monday, December 16, 2013 8:30 am EST  



      Dateline:          




                    LOUISVILLE, Ky.        






EmailPDFPrintRSS 



      Public Company Information:          




NYSE:HUM 







  "I have full        confidence that he will continue to ensure corporate governance and        accountability to our shareholders remain at the forefront for our        directors." 



LOUISVILLE, Ky.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) announced today that Michael B. McCallister has 
      notified the company that he will retire from its Board of Directors 
      effective December 31, 2013. Humana’s Board of Directors has elected 
      Kurt J. Hilzinger, currently serving as Lead Director, to become 
      Chairman of the Board effective upon Mr. McCallister’s retirement.
    

      Mr. McCallister has served as Chairman of the Board since his election 
      to that position in August 2010.
    

      “Kurt’s role as Lead Director has prepared him well to lead Humana’s 
      Board of Directors upon my retirement,” said McCallister. “I have full 
      confidence that he will continue to ensure corporate governance and 
      accountability to our shareholders remain at the forefront for our 
      directors.”
    

      Hilzinger was initially elected to Humana’s Board of Directors in July 
      2003, and was elected as Lead Director in August 2010. He is a Partner 
      at Court Square Capital Partners, LP, having held this position since 
      November 2007. Prior to that, he was a Director of AmerisourceBergen 
      Corporation from March 2004 to November 2007 while serving in various 
      executive roles there between August 2001 and November 2007.
    

About Humana


      Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is a leading health 
      care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health 
      and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to 
      lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, 
      Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and 
      emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness 
      opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the 
      company has relationships.
    

      More information regarding Humana is available to investors via the 
      Investor Relations page of the company’s web site at www.humana.com, 
      including copies of:
    


        Annual reports to stockholders;
      

        Securities and Exchange Commission filings;
      

        Most recent investor conference presentations;
      

        Quarterly earnings news releases;
      

        Replays of most recent earnings release conference calls;
      

        Calendar of events (including upcoming earnings conference call dates 
        and times, as well as planned interaction with research analysts and 
        institutional investors);
      

        Corporate Governance information.
      

 






      Contact:          




       HumanaInvestor Relations:Regina Nethery, 502-580-3644Rnethery@humana.comorCorporate        Communications:Tom Noland, 502-580-3674Tnoland@humana.com 










 













News Release -  AmerisourceBergenHome Investors News ReleaseNews Release Corporate Overview Stock Information Investor CommunicationsFinancial ReportsNews ReleasesWebcastsRecent PresentationsAnalyst CoverageEvent Calendar SEC Filings Contact Us Corporate Governance Proxy MaterialsRSS FeedsRequest InfoTell a FriendPrint View printer-friendly version<< BackAmerisourceBergen Promotes Kurt J. Hilzinger to President and Chief Operating OfficerVALLEY FORGE, Pa., Oct 31, 2002 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- AmerisourceBergen
Corporation (NYSE:ABC) today announced that its Board of Directors has elected
Kurt J. Hilzinger, 42, President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company,
effective immediately. Hilzinger previously was Executive Vice President and
Chief Operating Officer. He continues to report directly to R. David Yost,
AmerisourceBergen's Chief Executive Officer and his duties and direct reports
remain the same. Prior to Hilzinger's election, Yost also held the title of
President.

"Kurt's election is a clear recognition of his critical role in the Company and
his significant contribution in building AmerisourceBergen," said Yost, "Kurt
and I have worked together for more than a decade, and he is without question
one of the most capable, competent, and energetic executives in the industry.
His strong leadership will be invaluable as we continue to build this industry
leading Company."

"I am excited about continuing to help create value for our shareholders,
customers, suppliers and employees," said Hilzinger. "AmerisourceBergen
continues to have tremendous potential. We are building the most efficient
distribution network in the industry; rolling out new programs and solutions for
our customers; bringing added services to our suppliers; and developing the kind
of Company where our associates can achieve their career goals."

Hilzinger was named Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of
AmerisourceBergen upon the merger of AmeriSource Health Corporation and Bergen
Brunswig Corporation in August 2001. Previously, he was President and Chief
Operating Officer of AmeriSource, which he joined in 1991. He held a number of
other key roles with AmeriSource, including Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer.

Prior to joining AmeriSource, Hilzinger held several positions at Citigroup.
Earlier in his career, he was an associate with the accounting firm of
PricewaterhouseCoopers.

Hilzinger is a member of the Board of Directors of the Healthcare Distribution
Management Association (HDMA) and is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a 1983
graduate of the University of Michigan.


    About AmerisourceBergen

AmerisourceBergen (NYSE:ABC) is the largest pharmaceutical services company in
the United States dedicated solely to the pharmaceutical supply chain. It is the
leading distributor of pharmaceutical products and services to the hospital
systems and acute care market, alternate care facilities, independent community
pharmacies, and regional chain pharmacies. The Company is also a leader in the
institutional pharmacy marketplace. With more than $40 billion in annualized
operating revenue, AmerisourceBergen is headquartered in Valley Forge, PA, and
employs more than 13,000 people serving over 25,000 customers.


CONTACT:          AmerisourceBergen
                  Michael N. Kilpatric, 610/727-7118
                  mkilpatric@amerisource.com




Kurt Hilzinger, Harvard Drug Group LLC/The: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





Kurt Hilzinger

Chairman,
Harvard Drug Group LLC/The






Career History




Partner/Member:Investment
Court Square Capital Partners LP, 11/2007-PRESENT


Chairman
The Harvard Drug Group LLC, PRESENT


Partner/Member:Investment
Court Square Capital Ltd, PRESENT


President/COO
Amerisourcebergen Corp, 10/2002-9/2007


Exec VP/COO
Amerisourcebergen Corp, 8/2001-10/2002


President/COO
Amerisource Health Corp, 12/2000-8/2001


Sr VP/COO
Amerisource Health Corp, 1/1999-12/2000


Sr VP/CFO
Amerisource Health Corp, 1997-1/1999


Member:Investment
Court Square Capital Ltd, 2007-UNKNOWN


Chairman
Physiotherapy Assoc Inc, FORMER



Citicorp Investment Bank, FORMER



Pricewaterhousecoopers/New York, FORMER


Chairman
Healthcare Distribution Alliance, FORMER


Exec VP/CFO
Amerisourcebergen Corp, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.theharvarddruggroup.com






Corporate Information
Address:

31778 Enterprise Drive
Livonia, MI 48150
United States


Phone:
1-800-875-0123


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.theharvarddruggroup.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Michigan
Bachelor's Degree, 1983








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Certified Public Accountant (CPA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




The Harvard Drug Group LLC


Chairman, PRESENT




Letco Medical Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Ndc Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Oncobiologics Inc


Board Member, 12/2015-PRESENT




Humana Inc


Chairman, 1/2014-PRESENT




Humana Inc


Lead Director, 8/2010-1/2014




Humana Inc


Board Member, 7/2003-8/2010




Amerisourcebergen Corp


Board Member, 3/2004-11/2007




Physiotherapy Assoc Inc


Chairman, FORMER




Physiotherapy Assoc Inc


Board Member, FORMER




Healthcare Distribution Alliance


Chairman, FORMER




Western Dental Services Inc


Board Member, FORMER



Show More





Other Memberships




Healthcare Distribution Management Assn


Chairman









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Kurt J. Hilzinger CPA: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 11:48 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Court Square Capital Partners L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Kurt J. Hilzinger CPAPartner, Court Square Capital Partners L.P.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships57--
Background

		Mr. Kurt J. Hilzinger, CPA, has been a Partner of Court Square Capital Partners since 2007. Mr. Hilzinger has been a part of the investment team since 2007. Mr. Hilzinger served as the President and Chief Operating Officer at AmerisourceBergen Corp., from October 2002 to September 2007 and served as its the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. He served at AmerisourceBergen and AmeriSource Corporation, in executive management capacities and senior executive ... positions since 1991. He served in various positions at AmeriSource Health Corporation as the President from December 2000 to August 2001; Executive Vice President from August 2001 to October 2002; Senior Vice President from 1997 to December 2000; Vice President from 1995 to 1997; Treasurer from 1995 to 1997; Chief Financial Officer from 1995 to January 1999; and Chief Operating Officer from January 1999 to October 2002. Mr. Hilzinger held positions in the Mergers and Acquisitions Division of CitiCorp. Investment Bank. He served as an Associate at Price Waterhouse. Mr. Hilzinger is Chairman of Harvard Drug Group. He has been the Chairman of Humana Inc. since January 01, 2014 and its Director since July 10, 2003. He has been an Independent Director of Oncobiologics, Inc. since December 11, 2015. Mr. Hilzinger served as a Lead Independent Director at Humana Inc. since August 2010 until January 01, 2014. He served as a Director of AmerisourceBergen Corp., from March 2004 to September 2007. Mr. Hilzinger served as the Chairman of the Healthcare Distribution Management Association (HDMA). He was a Director of Physiotherapy Associates and Western Dental. Mr. Hilzinger is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Hilzinger is a 1983 graduate of the University of Michigan, where he received a B.B.A. degree.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Park Avenue PlazaNew York, New York 10055United StatesPhone: 212-752-6110Fax: 212-752-6184
Board Members Memberships
2003-PresentChairmanHumana Inc.2015-PresentIndependent DirectorOncobiologics, Inc.
Education
BBA 1983University of Michigan
Other Affiliations
AmerisourceBergen CorporationHumana Inc.University of MichiganOncobiologics, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Court Square Capital Partners L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Kurt J. Hilzinger Elected Chairman Of Humana’s Board Of Directors - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Kurt J. Hilzinger Elected Chairman Of Humana’s Board Of Directors






Business Wire




Dec 16, 2013 8:30 AM EST













 


























































  Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) announced today that Michael B. McCallister has notified the company that he will retire from its Board of Directors effective December 31, 2013. Humana’s Board of Directors has elected Kurt J. Hilzinger, currently serving as Lead Director, to become Chairman of the Board effective upon Mr. McCallister’s retirement.  Mr. McCallister has served as Chairman of the Board since his election to that position in August 2010.  “Kurt’s role as Lead Director has prepared him well to lead Humana’s Board of Directors upon my retirement,” said McCallister. “I have full confidence that he will continue to ensure corporate governance and accountability to our shareholders remain at the forefront for our directors.”  Hilzinger was initially elected to Humana’s Board of Directors in July 2003, and was elected as Lead Director in August 2010. He is a Partner at Court Square Capital Partners, LP, having held this position since November 2007. Prior to that, he was a Director of AmerisourceBergen Corporation from March 2004 to November 2007 while serving in various executive roles there between August 2001 and November 2007.   About Humana   Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is a leading health care company that offers a wide range of insurance products and health and wellness services that incorporate an integrated approach to lifelong well-being. By leveraging the strengths of its core businesses, Humana believes it can better explore opportunities for existing and emerging adjacencies in health care that can further enhance wellness opportunities for the millions of people across the nation with whom the company has relationships.  More information regarding Humana is available to investors via the Investor Relations page of the company’s web site at www.humana.com, including copies of:   Annual reports to stockholders;   Securities and Exchange Commission filings;   Most recent investor conference presentations;   Quarterly earnings news releases;   Replays of most recent earnings release conference calls;   Calendar of events (including upcoming earnings conference call dates and times, as well as planned interaction with research analysts and institutional investors);   Corporate Governance information.       



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













The U.S. Spends Way More on Health Care Than Other Countries: Oscar Health CEO
The U.S. spends way too much on health care.



Scott Gamm

Jul 13, 2017 4:51 PM EDT
























Healthcare Stocks Surprisingly Yawn at Senate's Latest Plan
The Senate hopes to vote on the bill by next week, but the market took much less time to react.



Kinsey Grant

Jul 13, 2017 4:02 PM EDT
























Cramer: These 10 Sectors Make Up for Letdown in Autos, Retail
Changes in economy have shored up weak areas.



Jim Cramer

Jul 5, 2017 3:18 PM EDT
























Your Portfolio Could Die By Holding These 5 Health Insurer Stocks, Thanks to Stalled Healthcare Bill
Book profits, now.



Richard Suttmeier

Jul 3, 2017 11:26 AM EDT








































 











Trending


Walmart in Focus Amid 'Horrific' Human Trafficking Incident in Texas That Causes Nine Deaths


Billionaire Mark Cuban: The Rise of Technology Will Cause a Lot of Unemployment


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


As Snap Continues to Stumble, Should It Consider Selling Itself?


Chipotle Is Doomed Unless It Takes This One Dramatic Measure











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 












Kurt J. Hilzinger, Humana, Inc. Chairman - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Kurt J. Hilzinger
Chairman, Humana, Inc.








              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Kurt J. Hilzinger at Humana, Inc.. Kurt J. Hilzinger works as Chairman , acting in a Executive Management role .  Humana, Inc. is a leader in Insurance .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Executive Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News

04/21/2017:


Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

Humana Inc. (NYSE:HUM) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
The regular annual meeting of the stockholders of Humana Inc. was
held in Louisville, Kentucky, on April 20, 2017, for the purpose
of voting on the proposals described below. Proxies for the
meeting were solicited to Section 14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and there was no solicitation in opposition
to managements nominees for directors. All nominees for director
listed below were elected. .....

People In This Article:
Bruce D. Broussard
,                                            Kurt J. Hilzinger
 

07/03/2015:


Humana Inc. timeline

1959: David Jones Sr. meets H. Wendell Cherry during a job interview at the Wyatt, Grafton & Sloss law firm.
1962: The company opens its first Heritage House nursing home on Liverpool Lane with 78 beds.
1968: The company goes public as Extendicare Inc. at a price of $8 per share. By the end of the year, the stock reaches more than $80 per share. The company also leases its first hospital, in Huntsville, Ala.
1969: Extendicare opens its 50th nursing home, making it the largest nursing-home operator in the nation. .....

People In This Article:
Bruce D. Broussard
,                                            Kurt J. Hilzinger
 






Learn more about Kurt J. Hilzinger  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Kurt J. Hilzinger and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































ONS Kurt J. Hilzinger Insider Trades for Oncobiologics Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Oncobiologics Inc.

                  NASDAQ: ONS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Oncobiologics Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 3:58 p.m.


ONS

/quotes/zigman/70843001/composite


$
0.99




Change

-0.01
-1.01%

Volume
Volume 32,681
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/70843001/composite
Previous close

$
			1.00
		


$
				0.99
			
Change

-0.01
-1.01%





Day low
Day high
$0.95
$1.00










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.95
        

            $5.49
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Kurt J. Hilzinger



Mr. Kurt J. Hilzinger, CPA, is Partner at Court Square Capital Partners and Lead Independent Director at Humana, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Humana, Inc. and Healthcare Distribution Management Association.
Mr. Hilzinger has been a member of the Investment Team since 2007. Previously, he spent 16 years in various executive management capacities with AmerisourceBergen Corporation serving as President and Chief Operating Officer and earlier as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to AmerisourceBergen Corporation, he held various positions with Citicorp Investment Bank and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Hilzinger served on the board of AmerisourceBergen as well as Chairman of the Healthcare Distribution Management Association (HDMA). Currently, Mr. Hilzinger is the lead director of Humana, Inc., Chairman of Harvard Drug Group and Physiotherapy Associates, and serves on the board of Western Dental.  He serves on the Visiting Committee at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.
Mr. Hilzinger received his B.B.A. degree from the University of Michigan and is a Certified Public Accountant.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





01/23/2017
12,036


 



120


11/30/2016
6,885


 



0


11/28/2016
11,633


 



0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Pankaj  Mohan 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Lawrence A. Kenyon 
Chief Financial Officer & Secretary




Dr. Kenneth M. Bahrt 
Chief Medical Officer




Mr. Donald J. Griffith 
Non-Employee Director




Ms. Elizabeth  Yamashita 
Vice President-Regulatory Affairs




Mr. Albert D. Dyrness 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Ms. Robin Smith Hoke 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Kurt J. Hilzinger 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Dr. Todd C. Brady 
Independent Non-Employee Director




Mr. Scott A. Canute 
Independent Non-Employee Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:48 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:22p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
11:09pWhy you’re more likely to die in an accident during the summer months
11:09pThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
11:07p5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
11:06pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
11:05pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
11:04pThe dark side of cruises
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Humana Inc (HUM)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Humana Inc (HUM)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataHealthcareManaged Healthcare












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				HUM on New York Consolidated


				235.92USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.09


					            (+0.04%)
					        






Prev Close

$235.83


Open

$235.44




Day's High

$236.52


Day's Low

$234.70




Volume

1,013,821


Avg. Vol

1,407,899




52-wk High

$243.74


52-wk Low

$153.58











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Kurt Hilzinger

56
2014

                                Independent Chairman of the Board




							Bruce Broussard

54
2013

                                President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Brian Kane

44
2014

                                Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President




							Timothy Huval

50
2012

                                Chief Human Resource Officer, Senior Vice President




							Brian LeClaire

56
2014

                                Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer




							Sam Deshpande


2017

                                Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer




							Christopher Todoroff

54
2008

                                Senior Vice President, General Counsel




							Roy Beveridge

59
2013

                                Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer




							Jody Bilney

55
2013

                                Senior Vice President, Chief Consumer Officer




							Christopher Hunter

48
2014

                                Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer




							Christopher Kay

51
2014

                                Chief Innovation Officer, Senior Vice President




							Heidi Margulis

63
2000

                                Senior Vice President - Corporate Affairs




							Cynthia Zipperle

54
2014

                                Chief Accounting Officer, Vice President, Controller




							Frank D'Amelio

59
2003

                                Independent Director




							W. Roy Dunbar

55
2005

                                Independent Director




							David Jones

59
2010

                                Independent Director




							William McDonald

60
2007

                                Independent Director




							William Mitchell

72
2009

                                Independent Director




							David Nash

61
2010

                                Independent Director




							James O'Brien

62
2006

                                Independent Director




							Marissa Peterson

55
2008

                                Independent Director




							Regina Nethery




                                Vice President - Investor Relations



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Kurt Hilzinger


					
							Mr. Kurt J. Hilzinger is Independent Chairman of the Board of Humana Inc. Mr. Hilzinger was initially elected to the Board in July 2003, and was elected Chairman of the Board effective January 1, 2014. Mr. Hilzinger served as Lead Director from August 2010 until his appointment as Chairman. Mr. Hilzinger is a Partner at Court Square Capital Partners, LP, having held this position since November 2007. Prior to that, he was a Director of AmerisourceBergen Corporation from March 2004 to November 2007; and was also President and Chief Operating Officer of AmerisourceBergen Corporation from October 2002 to November 2007, having previously served as its Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from August 2001 to October 2002. Mr. Hilzinger is also a director of Oncobiologics, Inc. and National Seating and Mobility, Inc. The Board believes that Mr. Hilzinger is a strong operating executive with a finance and strategic background, whose operational experience and financial expertise in the health care sector contributes valuable insight to the Board.




							Bruce Broussard


					
							Mr. Bruce D. Broussard is President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of Humana Inc. Mr. Broussard was elected to the Board of Directors, in each case effective January 1, 2013, completing a year-long transition plan to the Chief Executive Officer role. Mr. Broussard joined Humana as President in December 2011. Prior to joining Humana, Mr. Broussard was Chief Executive Officer of McKesson Specialty/US Oncology, Inc. (US Oncology was purchased by McKesson in December 2010). At US Oncology, he served in a number of senior executive roles, including Chief Financial Officer, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Broussard is also a director of KeyCorp, a member of the Business Roundtable, and a member of the Board of Directors of America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP), also serving on AHIP’s Executive Committee. The Board believes that Mr. Broussard’s wide range of executive leadership experience in publicly traded and private organizations within a variety of healthcare sectors, including oncology, pharmaceuticals, assisted living/senior housing, home care, physician practice management, surgical centers, and dental networks, as well as his in-depth knowledge of the Company’s operations, finances and strategy, brings valuable insight to the Board.




							Brian Kane


					
							Mr. Brian A. Kane is Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kane spent nearly 17 years at Goldman, Sachs & Co. As a managing director, he was responsible for client relationships as well as for leading strategic and financing transactions for a number of companies in multiple industries.




							Timothy Huval


					
							Mr. Timothy S. (Tim) Huval is Chief Human Resource Officer, Senior Vice President of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Huval spent 10 years at Bank of America in multiple senior-level roles, including Human Resources executive and Chief Information Officer for Global Wealth & Investment Management, as well as Human Resources executive for both Global Treasury Services and Technology & Global Operations.




							Brian LeClaire


					
							Mr. Brian P. LeClaire is Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer of the Company. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Service and Information Officer from August 2011 to January 2014, and as Chief Technology Officer from 2002 to August 2011. Mr. LeClaire joined the Company in August 1999.




							Sam Deshpande


					
							Mr. Sam Deshpande serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of the Company. Deshpande joins Humana after an extensive external search, bringing 28 years of compliance, marketing and strategy experience to his new position. He comes to Humana from Capital One, a financial services company admired for their risk management practices and diversified asset base. Deshpande spent 17 years there in key leadership positions, most recently as Business Chief Risk Officer for the U.S. and international card business. He previously served as the Business Chief Risk Officer and Head of Enterprise Services for the Financial Services Division, responsible for Business Risk, Data Science, Data Quality, Process Excellence and Project Management. He also led marketing and analysis for the Home Loans, Auto Finance, and Credit Card businesses, with responsibilities for business strategy, credit, product and marketing. Prior to Capital One, Deshpande worked for Accenture and Booz & Company, leading client engagements for Fortune 500 companies in the consumer, high tech, automotive and aerospace industries. He has a master's degree in business administration, with a concentration in finance and business economics, from the University of Chicago, a master's degree in aerospace engineering from Virginia Tech, and a bachelor's degree from the Indian Institute of Technology in Kharagpur, India.




							Christopher Todoroff


					
							Mr. Christopher M. Todoroff is Senior Vice President, General Counsel of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Todoroff served as Vice President, Senior Corporate Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Aetna Inc. from 2006 through July 2008. Mr. Todoroff joined Aetna’s Legal Department in 1995 and held various positions of increasing responsibility.




							Roy Beveridge


					
							Dr. Roy A. Beveridge, M.D., is Senior Vice President, Chief Medical Officer of Humana Inc. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Beveridge served as Chief Medical Officer for McKesson Specialty Health from December 2010 until June 2013. Prior to McKesson’s acquisition of US Oncology, Dr. Beveridge served as the Executive Vice President and Medical Director at US Oncology from September 2009 through December 2010.




							Jody Bilney


					
							Ms. Jody L. Bilney is Senior Vice President, Chief Consumer Officer of Humana Inc. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Bilney served as Executive Vice President and Chief Brand Officer for Bloomin’ Brands, Inc. from 2006 until April 2013.




							Christopher Hunter


					
							Mr. Christopher H. (Chris) Hunter is Senior Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hunter served as President of Provider Markets at The TriZetto Group, Inc. from July 2012 until December 2013, and as Senior Vice President, Emerging Markets at BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee from 2009 through July 2012. While at BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee, Mr. Hunter was simultaneously President and Chief Executive Officer of Onlife Health, a national health and wellness subsidiary of BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee.




							Christopher Kay


					
							Mr. Christopher (Chris) Kay is Chief Innovation Officer, Senior Vice President of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kay was most recently Managing Director and CEO of Citi Ventures, Citigroup’s global corporate venturing arm. Prior to joining Citi in 2007, Mr. Kay held several leadership positions at Target over a 12-year period.




							Heidi Margulis


					
							Ms. Heidi S. Margulis is Senior Vice President - Corporate Affairs of Humana Inc. Ms. Margulis currently serves as Senior Vice President – Corporate Affairs, having held this position since January 2000. Ms. Margulis joined the Company in November 1985.




							Cynthia Zipperle


					
							Mrs. Cynthia H. Zipperle is Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, Controller of the Company. Mrs. Zipperle previously served as the Vice President - Finance from January 2013 until her election to her current role, and as the Assistant Controller from January 1998 until January 2013.




							Frank D'Amelio


					
							Mr. Frank A. D'Amelio is an Independent Director of Humana Inc., since September 2003. He is Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer of Pfizer Inc, having held this position since December 2010, and having served as Chief Financial Officer since September 2007. Prior to that, Mr. D’Amelio was Senior Executive Vice President of Integration and Chief Administrative Officer at Alcatel-Lucent from December 2006 to August 2007, and Chief Operating Officer of Lucent Technologies Inc. from February 2006 to November 2006. From May 2001 until January 2006, he was Executive Vice President, Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Lucent. Mr. D’Amelio also serves on the Board of Directors of Zoetis, Inc. and on the board of the Independent College Fund of New Jersey. The Board believes that Mr. D’Amelio’s skills, global experience and proven leadership in both financial and operational roles contribute greatly to the Board’s composition. As a senior executive at various global companies undergoing the kind of rapid and complex changes that the Company has undertaken in response to the rapidly changing markets and regulatory environment, Mr. D’Amelio has extensive knowledge of the capital markets as well as broad experience working with the investment community, regulatory bodies and rating agencies.




							W. Roy Dunbar


					
							Mr. W. Roy Dunbar is an Independent Director of Humana Inc., since April 2005. Mr. Dunbar was the Chairman of the Board of NetworkSolutions, and was the Chief Executive Officer from January 2008 to November 2009. Mr. Dunbar also served as the President of Global Technology and Operations for MasterCard Incorporated from September 2004 until January 2008. Mr. Dunbar worked at Eli Lilly and Company for 14 years, latterly as President of Intercontinental Operations from 2003 until he joined MasterCard, and Chief Information Officer from 1999 to 2003. The Board believes that Mr. Dunbar’s innovative, consumer-focused approach to information technology at a variety of global companies brings a valuable advantage to the Board. The Board benefits from Mr. Dunbar’s expertise in leading companies focused on the development of information systems that are easy for consumers to understand and use effectively, which is critical to the Company’s extension of its position as a leader in health care information technology. Mr. Dunbar’s extensive experience in health care over three decades further contributes to the strategic composition of the Board.




							David Jones


					
							Mr. David A. Jones, Jr., is an Independent Director of Humana Inc. He was initially elected to the Board in May 1993 and served as Chairman of the Board of the Company from April 2005 through August 2010, and Vice Chairman of the Board from September 1996 through April 2005. He is chairman and managing partner of Chrysalis Ventures, LLC, headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, and also serves on the Board of Directors of Connecture, Inc. (NASDAQ: CNXR) and MyHealthDirect, Inc. As a successful venture capitalist, the Board believes that Mr. Jones brings strategic insight and leadership and a wealth of experience in health care to the Board, both in the Company’s core businesses as well as in emerging technologies and business models.




							William McDonald


					
							Mr. William J. (Bill) McDonald is Independent Director of Humana Inc., since October 2007. Mr. McDonald is the managing partner of Wild Irishman Advisory, LLC, a marketing consulting firm. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President, Brand Management of Capital One Financial Corporation, having held that position from 1998 until his retirement in 2013. The Board believes that Mr. McDonald’s service in various senior executive marketing positions contributes significant experience and expertise in brand development, marketing and related disciplines.




							William Mitchell


					
							Mr. William E. (Bill) Mitchell is an Independent Director of Humana Inc., since April 2009. Mr. Mitchell is the managing partner of Sequel Venture Partners, LLC. Prior to that, Mr. Mitchell served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Arrow Electronics, Inc. from May 2006 until December 31, 2009, and also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Arrow Electronics, Inc. from February 2003 to May 1, 2009. Mr. Mitchell serves on the Board of Directors of Rogers Corporation, and previously served on the Board of Directors of Brown-Forman Corporation and Spansion, Inc. He also serves as Presiding Director of Veritiv, Inc. The Board believes that Mr. Mitchell’s insights and experience running a complex global public company, as well as his significant experience in the governance of large publicly-traded corporations, will be valuable in helping to guide the Company in the years ahead.




							David Nash


					
							Dr. David B. Nash, M.D., is an Independent Director of Humana Inc., since 1 January 2010. He is the founding dean of the Jefferson College of Population Health, located on the campus of Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, having taken that position in 2008. Previously, Dr. Nash was the Chairman of the Department of Health Policy of the Jefferson Medical College from 2003 until 2008. Dr. Nash also serves on the board of directors of Vestagen Specialty Textiles, and the medical advisory board of Medivo Inc., and previously served on the boards of Itrax Corporation and InforMedix. The Board believes that Dr. Nash brings a unique and compelling set of attributes that enhance the Company’s ability to help people achieve lifelong well-being. As a widely recognized innovator in an emerging medical discipline that unites population health, health policy, and individual health, Dr. Nash is internationally recognized for his work in outcomes management, medical staff development and quality-of-care improvement.




							James O'Brien


					
							Mr. James J. (Jim) O'Brien is an Independent Director of Humana Inc., since April 2006. Until his retirement on December 31, 2014, Mr. O’Brien was the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Ashland Inc. Prior to being named to this position, Mr. O’Brien was President and Chief Operating Officer of Ashland Inc., and before that, Senior Vice President and Group Operating Officer. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Albemarle Corporation, Wesco International, Inc. and Eastman Chemical Company. As a highly respected leader in the global business community with an extraordinary track record of success, the Board believes that Mr. O’Brien’s breadth of management experience adds valuable expertise and insight to the Board.




							Marissa Peterson


					
							Ms. Marissa T. Peterson is an Independent Director of Humana Inc., since August 2008. Ms. Peterson is President and Chief Executive Officer of Mission Peak Executive Consulting, which provides client-focused executive coaching and management consulting services. Ms. Peterson was formerly Executive Vice President, Worldwide Operations, Services & Customer Advocacy for Sun Microsystems Inc. in Santa Clara, California, until her retirement in 2005 after 17 years with the company. Ms. Peterson currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Oclaro, Inc., and a board member of Ansell Limited, and previously served on the board of directors of SUPERVALU INC., and Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at Stanford, and the board of trustees of Kettering University. Ms. Peterson holds an honorary doctorate in management and a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Kettering University where she graduated magna cum laude. She received her MBA from Harvard Business School with the distinction of being a GM Fellow. The Board believes that Ms. Peterson’s operating and consumer-focused leadership, and experience developing and managing programs designed to help companies reduce the time, cost and risk of transforming their businesses by leveraging technology to architect, implement and maintain customers’ network computing infrastructures, bring valuable insights to the Board. Her commitment to a “customer first” ethic at Sun Microsystems Inc. established an industry leadership position for high quality and cost-effective product execution to a global customer base, a commitment that aligns with the Company’s focus on consumerism.




							Regina Nethery














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Kurt Hilzinger

484,072




							Bruce Broussard

19,722,400




							Brian Kane

4,783,640




							Timothy Huval

4,323,800




							Brian LeClaire

--




							Sam Deshpande

--




							Christopher Todoroff

--




							Roy Beveridge

--




							Jody Bilney

4,337,300




							Christopher Hunter

4,157,850




							Christopher Kay

--




							Heidi Margulis

--




							Cynthia Zipperle

--




							Frank D'Amelio

296,405




							W. Roy Dunbar

279,282




							David Jones

315,072




							William McDonald

306,764




							William Mitchell

287,124




							David Nash

286,112




							James O'Brien

287,396




							Marissa Peterson

282,475




							Regina Nethery

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Kurt Hilzinger

0
0




							Bruce Broussard

0
0




							Brian Kane

0
0




							Timothy Huval

0
0




							Brian LeClaire

0
0




							Sam Deshpande

0
0




							Christopher Todoroff

0
0




							Roy Beveridge

0
0




							Jody Bilney

0
0




							Christopher Hunter

0
0




							Christopher Kay

0
0




							Heidi Margulis

0
0




							Cynthia Zipperle

0
0




							Frank D'Amelio

0
0




							W. Roy Dunbar

0
0




							David Jones

0
0




							William McDonald

0
0




							William Mitchell

0
0




							David Nash

0
0




							James O'Brien

0
0




							Marissa Peterson

0
0




							Regina Nethery

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Leclaire Brian P
4,971
$240.00


Leclaire Brian P
4,971
$164.65


Kane Brian A
8,869
$0.00


Kane Brian A
15,952
$0.00


Kane Brian A
11,823
$234.96


Margulis Heidi S
1,500
$231.96


Beveridge Roy A
15,086
$102.16


Beveridge Roy A
14,290
$81.80


Beveridge Roy A
26,023
$231.99


Beveridge Roy A
1,281
$229.77


Bilney (Jody L)
4,600
$230.16


Huval (Timothy S)
7,005
$164.65


Broussard (Bruce D)
79,084
$164.65


Broussard (Bruce D)
118,231
$225.82


Huval (Timothy S)
6,934
$167.81


Broussard (Bruce D)
39,147
$167.81


Huval (Timothy S)
13,939
$225.86


Murray (James E)
121
$0.00


Bilney (Jody L)
4,348
$213.80


Kay Christopher E
2,502
$218.82


Kay Christopher E
6,134
$0.00


Murray (James E)
10,846
$164.65


Murray (James E)
10,846
$213.55


Murray (James E)
7,898
$213.65


Murray (James E)
12,407
$213.65




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataHealthcareManaged Healthcare























HUM Kurt J. Hilzinger Insider Trades for Humana Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Humana Inc.

                  NYSE: HUM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Humana Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:25 p.m.


HUM

/quotes/zigman/229688/composite


$
235.72




Change

-0.20
-0.08%

Volume
Volume 193,330
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/229688/composite
Previous close

$
			235.83
		


$
				235.92
			
Change

+0.09
+0.04%





Day low
Day high
$234.70
$236.52










52 week low
52 week high

            $163.50
        

            $243.74
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Kurt J. Hilzinger



Mr. Kurt J. Hilzinger, CPA, is Partner at Court Square Capital Partners and Lead Independent Director at Humana, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Humana, Inc. and Healthcare Distribution Management Association.
Mr. Hilzinger has been a member of the Investment Team since 2007. Previously, he spent 16 years in various executive management capacities with AmerisourceBergen Corporation serving as President and Chief Operating Officer and earlier as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to AmerisourceBergen Corporation, he held various positions with Citicorp Investment Bank and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Mr. Hilzinger served on the board of AmerisourceBergen as well as Chairman of the Healthcare Distribution Management Association (HDMA). Currently, Mr. Hilzinger is the lead director of Humana, Inc., Chairman of Harvard Drug Group and Physiotherapy Associates, and serves on the board of Western Dental.  He serves on the Visiting Committee at the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.
Mr. Hilzinger received his B.B.A. degree from the University of Michigan and is a Certified Public Accountant.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/31/2013
2,026


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Bruce D. Broussard 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Brian A. Kane 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Brian P. LeClaire 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Roy A. Beveridge 
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Sam  Deshpande 
Chief Risk Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Jody L. Bilney 
Chief Consumer Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Christopher H. Hunter 
Chief Strategy Officer & Senior Vice President




Ms. Heidi S. Margulis 
Senior Vice President-Corporate Affairs




Ms. Amy K. Smith 
Director-Investor Relations




Ms. Cynthia H. Zipperle 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Ms. Nancy A. Hanewinckel 
Manager-Media Relations




Ms. Marina  Renneke 
Manager-Media Relations




Mr. Alex  Kepnes 
Head-Media Relations




Ms. Regina C. Nethery 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Mr. Ross  McLerran 
Manager-Media Relations




Mr. Thomas T. Noland 
Vice President-Corporate Communications




Mr. Timothy S. Huval 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Ms. Joan O. Lenahan 
Secretary & Vice President




Mr. Christopher Mark Todoroff 
Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Kurt J. Hilzinger 
Chairman




Mr. James J. O'Brien 
Independent Director




Mr. Frank A. D'Amelio 
Independent Director




Mr. David A. Jones 
Independent Director




Dr. David B. Nash 
Independent Director




Mr. William E. Mitchell 
Independent Director




Ms. Marissa T. Peterson 
Independent Director




Mr. Webster Roy Dunbar 
Independent Director




Mr. William J. McDonald 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:48 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
11:22p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
11:09pWhy you’re more likely to die in an accident during the summer months
11:09pThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
11:07p5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
11:06pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
11:05pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
11:04pThe dark side of cruises
5:37pAt least 9 dead after overheated tractor-trailer found outside Texas Walmart
5:01p‘Full transparency’ doesn’t mean what Scaramucci apparently thinks it means
5:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
4:53pIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
12:13aHeavy showers swamp New Orleans street with rainwater
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Kurt J Hilzinger - Haverford, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kurt J Hilzinger in Haverford, PA


Kurt J Hilzinger

                                                                           Intelius found that Kurt J Hilzinger  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Haverford, PA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Kurt John Hilzinger
K J Hilzinger


Get Report Now

Age

Kurt J Hilzinger is in his 50s

Kurt Has Lived In

Haverford, PA
Bronx, NY
Big Sky, MT

Kurt's Relatives

Deborah Hilzinger
John Hilzinger
Grant Hilzinger







Kurt J Hilzinger



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at 



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kurt? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kurt, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kurt J Hilzinger
Get a Criminal Check on Kurt J Hilzinger
Get a Public Record Report on Kurt J Hilzinger
Get a People Search Report on Kurt J Hilzinger


Kurt J Hilzinger's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kurt J Hilzinger has lived as well as Kurt J Hilzinger's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kurt J Hilzinger Has Lived in 3 States
Pennsylvania Address for Kurt J Hilzinger


251 C******* L* 

Haverford, PA


Has Lived In

Haverford, PA
Bronx, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kurt J Hilzinger

(610) ***-**** - Wayne, PA 
(610) ***-**** - Wayne, PA 
(610) ***-**** - Wayne, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kurt J Hilzinger

k********r@***.com
k************r@***.com
k********r@***.net


Get Email Report




Kurt J Hilzinger's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Kurt J Hilzinger's academic history.  Find out which schools Kurt J Hilzinger attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Kurt J Hilzinger received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kurt J Hilzinger Has Attended 1 School
University of Michigan 


Kurt J Hilzinger's Professional Information
Information regarding Kurt J Hilzinger's professional history.  Find out previous places Kurt J Hilzinger has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kurt J Hilzinger Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: 
               Title: President
Company: 
               Title: Chief Operating Officer
Kurt J Hilzinger's Experience
Title: President
               Company: 
Job Details

Title: Chief Operating Officer
               Company: 
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Kurt J Hilzinger

 See Kurt J Hilzinger's LinkedIn Profile



Kurt J Hilzinger's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kurt J Hilzinger


Kurt J Hilzinger's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kurt J Hilzinger's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kurt Hilzinger
Username Matches

                  KurtHilzinger
                  HilzingerKurt
                  Kurt.Hilzinger
                  Hilzinger.Kurt
                  Kurt_Hilzinger
                  Hilzinger_Kurt
                  Kurt-Hilzinger
                  Hilzinger-Kurt
                  KHilzinger
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Hilzinger







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











