 


Lewis Jaffe | Professional Profile
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Lewis JaffeProfessor, Fred Kiesner Center for Entrepreneurship at Loyola Marymount UniversityLocationOrange County, California AreaIndustryTelecommunicationsCurrentLoyola Marymount University, HighPoint AssociatesPreviousOxford Media Inc, Verso Technologies, PictureTelEducationStanford UniversityRecommendations19 people have recommended LewisWebsitesPersonal Website500+ connectionsView Lewis’ full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Lewis’ Full ProfileLewis’ Posts & ActivityThe One Day MBA - Managing...Lewis Jaffe on LinkedInMay 7, 2015Saundra (Lee) BottsLewis sharedNothing alienates a loyal customer more than a special...Lewis likedI'm looking for talented and dedicated Visual Collaboration...Lewis likedSee all activitySummaryI provide leadership, getting teams aligned around a common goal and over achieving their mission.  My methodology is based on a simple principle, all businesses are the same; they exist for the sole purpose of “gaining and retaining customers, profitably in order to create stake holder value.” My strategies combine a deep dive into market dynamics and customers’ needs partnering distribution channels, implementing tactics that provide the proper incentive to meet its sales plan.  I align the internal team to make sure customers get their needs met in a seamless fashion.  I focus on execution of a plan and constantly test results and fine tune for peak performance.I’m a proven operating executive with significant turnaround and growth experience, successful with generating profits and creating shareholder value in both public and private companies by aligning strategies with customer and market demands, bringing existing products to new markets and refining offerings to existing markets.  Experienced in creating sales and margin growth organically and through M&A activities, and exploiting synergies.  I have guest lectured at numerous major Universities, speaking at Private Equity/Venture Capital and various industry  conferences and provide some consulting to companies in distress that require a change in strategy, operational improvement and financial restructuring.I currently sit on the Board of Directors of Benihana Corporation and serve as its lead independent director, sitting on the audit and governance committees and Bond Laboratories.  I am also on the Board of York Telecom a Video Conferencing service provider.   I have also earned  my Advanced Professional Director certification  from The American College of Corporate Directors  focusing on the intricacies of board governance, audit practices and executive compensation issues, as well as to be versed in the skills required to manage today's complex legal and ethical environment.Specialties: LEADERSHIP•	Turnarounds and Transformations•	Change Leadership•	P&L Acumen•	Board of Directors - Governance & AuditBUSINESS DEVELOPMENT•	Double-Digit Revenue Growth•	Global Business Development & 3rd Party Partnerships•	Distribution Channel Creation & Reinvigoration•	Strategic Marketing – Market Segment & Total Addressable Market ExpansionSTRATEGY•	M&A (20+ deals, Buy side & Sell side)•	Strategic Planning & Vision•	Brand Building & Restoration•	Value Creation & Exit StrategiesExperienceProfessor, Fred Kiesner Center for EntrepreneurshipLoyola Marymount UniversitySeptember 2014  –  Present (2 years 11 months)Greater Los Angeles AreaGrowing New and Existing Ventures, Leadership, Management, Critical Success Factors and Entrepreneurship.Interim "C" level Executive - CEO Coach - Strategic and Tactical Consultant - Growth and TurnaroundsHighPoint AssociatesJanuary 2008  –  Present (9 years 7 months)I work with companies to solve critical issues; both growth and profitability.  My skills are strategic planning and leadership and my results are stronger organizations and increased corporate profits.  My industries include: manufacturing, services, telecommunications, electronics and healthcare.  Clients have included: LG Electronics, EnvisionEMI, Prosper Coproration, Lynch Ambulance, Zone Diet and Famous DavesCEOOxford Media IncJanuary 2006  –  October 2007 (1 year 10 months)a $15MM technology company specializing in the delivery of Video On Demand Content and Internet Access for the Hospitality Industry. Grew top line organically and through acquisition.  Added Advertising revenues to traditional movie rentals.PresidentVerso TechnologiesNovember 2004  –  August 2005 (10 months)I was hired to install process and discipline to the organization while reinvigorating sales and divesting non core assets.  During my tenure the Company experienced its first quarterly sequential growth, we doubled our sales pipeline insuring future growth quarters, improved our product roadmap and developed better relationships with strategic partners.President and COOPictureTelApril 2000  –  March 2002 (2 years)Lead the turnaround and subsequent sale to PolycomManaging DirectorArthur Andersen1998  –  2000 (2 years)Volunteer Experience & CausesPresident of the BoardProvidence Speech and Hearing CenterMay 2010SkillsMarketing StrategyProduct DevelopmentEnterprise SoftwareSalesCoachingStart-upsBusiness DevelopmentHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationStanford University1993  –  1993La Salle UniversityBSBS1974  –  1978RecommendationsA preview of what LinkedIn members have to say about Lewis:Lew engaged my consulting services to handle certain business development responsibilities.  

During that engagement, I found Lew to be a very creative, diligent, and hard-working Chief Executive.  He found the right balance in handling my work.  He helped prepare the direction and objectives that I would pursue.  He gave me enough leeway to execute on them.  All the while, he was accessible and provided the necessary guidance to facilitate my achieving the desired goals of the engagement.

It was a productive engagement.  I hope that the opportunity to work with Lew again will be forthcoming.

Michael GoldsteinSee moreSee lessLew is an accomplished and capable CEO who has guided several successful companies and helped salvage/restructure others. Lew has relationships and expertise in the Technology and Media industries, and has excellent insight at the convergence point of those two verticals.See moreSee lessSign up to see who recommended LewisView Lewis’ full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Lewis directlyView Lewis’ Full ProfileNot the Lewis you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedJason D'Mello Ph.D.Zijing ShaComputer Science Student in University of Rochester | Seeking for Employment of Software EngineerJeffrey ConroyFamily, Health, Wisdom and Wealth.Grant MelloEmergency Medicine Scribe at Cedars-Sinai Marina Del Rey HospitalDavid PriceGlobal Business Development Leader | Strategic Adviser | Sales Development | Board AdviserLorraine LewisEntrepreneurJames StapleDirector of Events at Spectra by Comcast SpectacorElizabeth GortmakerDirector of the Center for Entrepreneurship at Belmont UniversityStefan FreemanInterim CEO Reed's Inc..Public profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Lewis JaffeFirst NameLast NameExample:  Lewis JaffeLewis JaffeUnited StatesLewis Lewis Jaffe--United StatesMore professionals named Lewis JaffeLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country


























Jaffe, Lewis - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































Lewis  Jaffe
LEWIS JAFFE, president and chief operating officer of Verso
Technologies, Inc.,  is responsible for leading the company to achieve
aggressive revenue goals through strategic positioning, new business
development and channel management. He has significant experience in the
telecom applications and services sectors. Prior to joining Verso, he
led the highly successful turnaround of PictureTel, a $500 million
public company having sustained multi-million dollar losses for the
previous three years, including a loss of more than $250 million in the
12 months prior to his joining. As president, Mr. Jaffe designed and
executed the plan which returned the company to profitability in just 18
months. He also served as Vice Chairman of Wireone/Glowpoint, a video
over IP service provider, and as a managing director in Arthur
Andersen’s Corporate Finance practice, where he was involved with
creating turnaround plans and advising management teams on how to
implement them. Prior to 1998, he served as President of C Systems, LLC,
a designer and manufacturer of mobile military shelters, housing,
communication, radar and missile launch systems, Core M, Inc., a medical
device manufacturing company that produced medical monitoring and
control systems and The Gem Group, Inc., an importer and distributor of
sports licensed and promotional products. Mr. Jaffe has served on
numerous Boards of Directors of public, private and non profit
organizations. Currently he serves on two public company boards, Act
Teleconferencing and Benihana as well as Travizon Inc., Pixion, Inc.,
and the Turnaround Management Association of New England. In addition to
his management and board experience, Mr. Jaffe is a renowned public
speaker on the topics of management and leadership and has been a guest
on a number of business shows for CNBC, MSNBC and ABC, and has been
quoted in a variety of business and trade publications including Forbes
magazine, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Business Week and
The Boston Globe.
Related Interviews:Lewis Jaffe - Verso Technologies Inc (vrso)May 09, 2005







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google



















Lewis Jaffe - Director for Nds Nutrition Products, Inc.

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California



                
                >
                

Irvine







 Lewis Jaffe
                        

Active

                                    Irvine,
                                    CA
                                
—
Director for Nds Nutrition Products, Inc.













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Lewis Jaffe Overview
                    

Lewis Jaffe is currently associated with one company, according to public records. The company was incorporated in Florida eight years ago.
                    
                






Background Report for Lewis Jaffe


 Includes Age, Location, Address History for Lewis Jaffe
 Arrest, Criminal, & Driving Records 
 Social Media Profiles
 Possible relatives
 Full Background Report 




                    Get Report
                



                        Sponsored Advertisement

                    








                            Network Visualizer
                        























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Companies for Lewis Jaffe








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Nds Nutrition Products, Inc.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            













 Excel
                    
Connections for Lewis Jaffe

                         A connection is made when two people are officers, directors, or otherwise associated with the same company. Lewis has eight known connections and has the most companies in common with Michael Abrams. 
                    



1



                                    Michael Abrams
                                



                                        Michael Abrams has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                CFO
                            









1



                                    Grant Dawson
                                



                                        Grant Dawson has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Todd Ordal
                                



                                        Todd Ordal has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    John Wilson
                                



                                        John Wilson has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                CEO
                            









1



                                    Seth Yakatan
                                



                                        Seth Yakatan has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Fadi Aramouni
                                



                                        Fadi Aramouni has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Elorian Landers
                                



                                        Elorian Landers has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Scott Landow
                                



                                        Scott Landow has the following companies in common with Lewis Jaffe
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            N--------------------------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            2008
                        
                


                                9
                            



                                Director
                            























 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Lewis Jaffe










4509 S 143rd St
Omaha, NE 68137




11011 Q St
Omaha, NE 68137




3408 Watermarke Pl
Irvine, CA 92612









Advertisements










Sources







California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, July 3, 2017
                            








Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Lewis Jaffe.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Lewis Jaffe and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















3
                    Known Addresses
                




                                4509 S 143rd St  Omaha, NE 68137

                            


                                11011 Q St  Omaha, NE 68137

                            


                                3408 Watermarke Pl  Irvine, CA 92612

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Lewis Jaffe however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Sources
            





                        California Secretary of State
                    




                        Florida Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,585 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,743 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,227 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,464 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,361 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,181 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,580 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,068 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,743 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,920 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,968 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,464 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,536 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,181 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,206 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,761 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,102 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,571 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,585 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,404 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,920 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,353 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,777 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,949 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,512 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,788 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,862 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,337 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,899 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,485 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,061 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,168 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,208 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,365 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,613 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,577 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,773 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,767 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,579 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,396 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,541 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,314 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,019 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,089 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,214 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,003 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,333 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,346 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,430 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,674 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,151 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,720 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,370 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,909 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,357 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,698 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,464 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,369 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,349 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,737 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,597 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,500 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,311 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,732 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,782 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,361 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,250 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,879 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,912 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,898 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,268 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,960 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,227 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,802 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,423 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,907 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,957 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,916 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,508 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,499 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,080 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,961 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,327 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,990 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,783 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































California Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Progenitech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Renee Ying
Jeffrey Ying
Renee Chen










Silverback 5150 Pictures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Allen Hughes










Big Bay City, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaley Cuoco Living Trust










Entit Software LLC

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeremy K. Cox
Christopher Hsu
Remi Thomas










Dura Logistics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Chino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric James Price
Varoujean Salatian










Mirando Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Studios, Inc.
Netflix Studios, LLC










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Arroyo Grande, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Simon Todd
Tom Taus
Natasha Candela










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    North Hollywood, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Ross
Abraham Kolandjian
Mike Gallardo










Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Not Too Big to Fall Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nigel Johnson










H&S Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan & Sons, Inc.










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Susanville, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tom Stetson
Eve Hughey
Barbara Byers










Honey and Lace, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beaumont, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Gail Ingram
Dianne Ingram










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Walnut Creek, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Noralin Hoelanin
Jim Baity
Eric Diep










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mike O'Donnel
Karam M. Gerges
John Hardyman










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Woodland, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Adriana Rodriguez
Chuck Hoskin
Dale Tatum










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Windsor, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
William Thornett










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Pasadena, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ifmal Venegas
George Smsayan
Ricky Valdez










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Yucca Valley, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Roger F. Terfehr










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Alturas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Seab McDonald










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Tracy, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Melisa Gabacrt
Al Mecor
James Willard










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    San Pablo, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
El H. Dye
Christopher Lance
Elhadji Gueye










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    La Mirada, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kevin Loung
Mohamad Alam
John Fields










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Patterson, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Laura Solvason
Laura Morgan










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Afram Asmar
Steven Loc










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Concord, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Carlos Manuel










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Auburn, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jorge Pezina
Edward A. Williamson
Jake Reed










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Santa Cruz, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jason Macintire
Jim Zimmerman
Tim Zimmerman










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Walnut, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wing Wong










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Santa Clara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Warren Rexroad
Mike Huynah
Ojen Goshtasb










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Capitola, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rob Gilbertson
Lynn Riddick










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Valencia, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shaun Hammons
Mike Huynh
Jessy Medina










Radioshack Corporation

                                                
                                                    Redlands, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Valerie Fernandez
Donald McCleary
Peter Kline










Unification Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fremont, CA
                                                
                                        










Dissonance, Inc

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Trent Reznor










Cleotech Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Altos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Isabel Ge Mahe










Campion Maverick Inc.

                                                
                                                    La Jolla, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anjum Mahmood
Mukesh Assomull
Priya Assomull










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    San Diego, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert H. Jerome
Denise Voorhees
Tamra Murphy










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Rowland Heights, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Adda Valencia










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    La Quinta, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Julie Guttierez










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Newport Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy Pruitt
Christopher Geary
Nicole Walat










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Imelda Carrillo
Brigget Sallie
Sallie Brigget










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    Concord, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Randi Gruessing
Michael Aguire
Tamrah Derrico










Wg+R Law Group, PC

                                                
                                                    Alameda, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
D'Anne L. Gleicher
Danne Gleidier










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    San Jose, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Danielle McCow










Regis Corporation

                                                
                                                    San Rafael, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Clairece Basilio
Jamie Garege










Hassan & Sons, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cypress, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Salaheddin Fawzi Hassan
O. Nesheiwat
Brentina Lisa










Imperishable Crown LLC

                                                
                                                    Fresno, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gianeh Arakelyan
Matthew Allen Garabedian










Off Price Apparel, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Monica, CA
                                                
                                        










Regalian, LLC

                                                
                                                    Glendale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin L M Leong



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Lightning Credit Solutions LLC
16 days ago


Los Angeles




Brainesis Inc
16 days ago


San Gabriel




Field/Paoli Architects, Inc.
16 days ago


San Francisco




Asm Equities, Inc.
16 days ago


Los Angeles




I’'ll Just Open A Shop Inc
16 days ago


Alhambra




Adamas Pharma, LLC
16 days ago


Emeryville




Ring Protect Inc.
16 days ago


Santa Monica




Coresystems USA Inc.
17 days ago


San Francisco




Reason 4 Sports LLC
17 days ago


Encino




Pevii Plano Block A, LLC
17 days ago


Los Angeles




Vicura Dfw, LLC
17 days ago


Corona del Mar




Windsor 5250 Spe, LLC
17 days ago


Newport Beach




Cwsfg 17 Galleria 5250, LLC
17 days ago


Newport Beach




Teledyne E2V, Inc.
17 days ago


Milpitas




Cws Galleria 5250, L.P.
17 days ago


Newport Beach




Regents 5250 Spe, LLC
17 days ago


Newport Beach




Msl Sacto, LLC
17 days ago


Costa Mesa




Smith Legacy, LLC
17 days ago


Encino




Wip - Arbor Vista 2, LLC
17 days ago


San Francisco




Hill Country Elephant Preserve
17 days ago


Perris




Gokairav Tx LLC
17 days ago


Tustin




Eternity Bay Group LLC
18 days ago


Danville




2020 Beast Holdings, LLC
18 days ago


City of Industry




Miami Color Creations LLC
18 days ago


Encino




Beakerbox, LLC
18 days ago


Los Angeles




Moonlights LLC
18 days ago


Reseda




Squire Financial Services LLC
18 days ago


La Quinta




Pelican Ranch LLC
18 days ago


Valley Village




Metalk and His Friends Technology, LLC
18 days ago


San Jose




Tech Financial, LLC
18 days ago


Beverly Hills




Unvig, LLC
18 days ago


Los Angeles




Carlmont Hills, LLC
18 days ago


Los Altos Hills




A Better Community LLC
18 days ago


Bakersfield




Golestan Properties, LLC
18 days ago


Los Gatos




Financial Reporting Specialists LLC
18 days ago


Glendale




J & R Restaurants, LLC
18 days ago


Bassett




Alt Services LLC
18 days ago


Pioneer




Nabuk Services, LLC
18 days ago


Bakersfield




Los Angeles Basketball Academy LLC
18 days ago


Los Angeles




Golden Fabricates LLC.
18 days ago


Turlock




Memo's Tires & Auto Repair, LLC
18 days ago


Kerman




Hello June Films LLC
18 days ago


North Hollywood




O'Dell Farms, LLC
18 days ago


Cardiff




Plebs and Largess LLC
18 days ago


Pacific Palisades




Dillon J Shook, LLC
18 days ago


Encino




Terra Luna Farms, LLC
18 days ago


Rohnert Park




Atlas Behavior Services LLC
18 days ago


Sherman Oaks




So On Music LLC
18 days ago


Los Angeles




Citygirlgonemom, LLC
18 days ago


Carlsbad




Cape Nano Products LLC
18 days ago


San Diego









Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,069
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,618
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,049
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,913
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,136
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,090
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,943
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,013
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,078
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,152
            



                114
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,121
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,042
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,442
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,668
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,658
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Irvine, California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Irvine, CA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Pensent Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jasmine Le










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Ghost Management Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin Hartfield
Douglas Francis
Wm Holding Company, LLC










Rimrock Real Estate Ventures Corp.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steve Foulke










Inspire Home Loans Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
James Palda










PC Hospitality

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sam Boukai










Zulu Warrior, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lawrence Tabak
Lawerence Tabak










Neuintel, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anthony Ferry
Parsa Rohani
Jon Pfortmiller










Cod USA Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Creamistry Franchise, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Katie Yim










Petco Animal Supplies Stores, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kieth Gavagan










Global Metal Solutions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mario Robles










Taco Bell Corporation

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Urban Armor Gear, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steve Armstrong










Yuman Technology Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hao Yu










C5 Interactive Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Wordnautics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chuck Smith










Special Default Services, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Victor Hutchins
Rande Johnsen










Velocity Holding Company, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John A. Lacy
Peter Nolan
Robert Taylor










T4S Management Ca LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Andrew Hardy
David Wani
William E. Swank










Physiotherapy Associates, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Rommelfanger










Tenko Sushi & Teriyaki Lp

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Shih-Rong Wu
Hsiu Ming Teng










Kinetic Energy, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nahid Hatami
Fereidoon Hatami










Tiki Capital, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Devon Kelly










Level 7 Artist Management, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Brown










Alignment Healthcare, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John E. Kao
Don Furman
Sergio Zaldivar










Pacific Dental Services, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott Beck
Stephen E. Thorne
Brady Ace










Kort & Scott Financial Group, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lee Kort
Michael Scott










Aventine Development Corporation

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chad A. Hagle
Andrea Cordova










Rcc Liquidating Corp

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lisa Rosco










San Gorgonio Land LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bhc Land Holdings LLC
Bruce V. Cook
Stephan Elieff










Green Tea World USA, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Osamu Murata










Push Innovation Live LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Peter Q. Nguyen










Partners at Anaheim LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Leonard Chan










PC Texas 3, Dst

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
PC Fund I Tm, LLC










174 Power Global Corporation

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Young Wook Kim
Henry Kyung Yun
Changsoo Kim










S. Bangloria Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Salim Bangloria










Component Search International, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph W. Bilotta
Brandon Bilotta










Hec Global, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy Ashcroft
Martin J. Matthews
Jeffrey L. Boshears










Mabao Transportation LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










Rxlogix Corporation

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        










6230 Yucca Urban Housing, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Related/Molasky Hollywood Urban Housing, LLC










Future Db International Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Samer Arabi Katbi
Nazir Katbi
Abdullah Arabikatbi










Hotel Operations, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy R. Busch










Rimrock Real Estate Ventures Lp

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rimrock Real Estate Ventures Corp.










Spic Del Sur, LLC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Standard Pacific Investment Corp.










Creel Information Technology, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joe Martinez










Micro X-Ray Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mike P. Leclair










American Blast Systems, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald Culver
Gary Gardner
Ryan Ellis




















                    Recently found companies in Irvine
                





Company
Found




C Squared Moda, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Casa Paredes Housing Partners, L.P.


                18 days ago
            



Sokal Properties, LLC.


                18 days ago
            



Wm Housing II Federal Credits LLC


                18 days ago
            



True Blue Consultants LLC


                18 days ago
            



Lnc Real, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Wm Housing II State Credits LLC


                18 days ago
            



Diamond Interior Design, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Minte Labs, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Calgon Jv Leasing, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Hansung USA LLC


                18 days ago
            



Peculet, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Fantasia Anchor Investment II LLC


                18 days ago
            



La Puente 45 Group, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Jacumba Land Holdco LLC


                18 days ago
            



IGOT420, LLC.


                18 days ago
            



Simple Life - Creation, Consulting, Development LLC, The


                18 days ago
            



First July, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Wings Brand Activations USA LLC


                18 days ago
            



Veeragh, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Iwf South Flower Pl, L.P.


                18 days ago
            



Morrison Global Group, LLC, The


                18 days ago
            



Iiims, LLC


                18 days ago
            



USA Huali Educational Services LLC


                18 days ago
            



Artifacts, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Saradafoundation LLC


                18 days ago
            



Vita Larre, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Ipro Network LLC


                18 days ago
            



Mayili, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Adkin Biomedical Solutions, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Pacrimsportswear, LLC


                18 days ago
            



OURO8OROS, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Ipro Solutions LLC


                18 days ago
            



Scf - 2100 Q Street Mezz, LLC


                18 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 2 Mezz, LLC


                18 days ago
            



West Angeles Housing Partners, L.P.


                18 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 1 Mezz, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Scf - 2100 Q Street Owner, LLC


                18 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 2 Owner, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Pacific Rim Capital Management, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Access Point Media Group LLC


                18 days ago
            



Caymus Consulting LLC


                18 days ago
            



J & L Enterprises, LLC


                18 days ago
            



2100 Q Street Tic 1 Owner, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Jvat Financial, LLC.


                18 days ago
            



C & W Holdings, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Road Infinity Education, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Bruin Inglewood LLC


                18 days ago
            



Velardo Drive, LLC


                18 days ago
            



Procura Genomics LLC


                18 days ago
            








Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,069
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,618
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,049
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,913
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,136
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,090
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,943
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,013
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,078
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,152
            



                114
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,121
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,042
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,442
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,668
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,658
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.
















Lewis A Jaffe Company                                                                                                    - Long Beach Township                               , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Long Beach Township



Insurance Agents, Brokers, and Service



Insurance Agents, Nec



                            Lewis A Jaffe Company
                                    



 





















L 


Lewis A Jaffe Company                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



136 LONG BEACH BLVD LONG BEACH TOWNSHIP, NJ 08008
Get Directions



(609) 978-2047
 





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $160,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Insurance Agents, Nec
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2011 the company has been providing Insurance Agents, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.






















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








Lewis Jaffe in Woodland Hills, CA 91367 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» California
» Woodland Hills
» Party Planning Services
» Lewis Jaffe













Lewis Jaffe


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





21801 Burbank Blvd  Woodland Hills, California 91367


(818) 704-6198


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Lewis Jaffe is located at the address 21801 Burbank Blvd in Woodland Hills, California 91367.  They can be contacted via phone at (818) 704-6198 for pricing, hours and directions.  Lewis Jaffe specializes in Parties, Rehearsal Dinners, Birthdays & Holidays.  Lewis Jaffe has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Lewis Jaffe provides Decorations, Contemporary Designs, Memberships to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Lewis Jaffe view the map to the right.  For reviews of Lewis Jaffe see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Cosmetics
, Salads
, Tables & Chairs
, Silk Flowers
, Matches
, Advertising Balloons
, Appetizers
, Gift Baskets
, Tables
, Dance Floors



SERVICES


Hair Styling
, Luxury Vehicles
, Corporate Accounts
, Memberships
, Home Catering
, Individual Services
, Dancers
, Contemporary Designs
, Traditional Designs
, Decorations


 SPECIALTIES


Prom Packages
, Anniversaries
, Business Functions
, Parties
, Rehearsal Dinners
, American
, School Functions
, Birthdays & Holidays
, Traditional Weddings
, Baby



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (818) 704-6198
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 2000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Party Planning Services
Consulting Services
Professional Services
Special Occasions



People Also Viewed


Philip Fedewa Dr


22168 Hibiscus Hill Dr  Woodland Hills, California 91367




Safework Inc


21550 Oxnard st Ste 570 Ste 570 Woodland Hills, California 91367




EMA Consulting, Inc


24345 Johnetta St  Woodland Hills, California 91367




McCabe Consultants


22351 Ventura Blvd  Woodland Hills, California 91364




Computer Talk


22647 Ventura Blvd  Woodland Hills, California 91364




Dets LLC


6140 Lockhurst Dr  Woodland Hills, California 91367





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










 


Lewis Jaffe | Berufsprofil
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Teile dieses Profils können maschinell übersetzt werden. Die Übersetzung kann Fehler enthalten.          Übersetzung anzeigen.Original anzeigen.AblehnenLewis JaffeProfessor, Fred Kiesner Center for Entrepreneurship at Loyola Marymount UniversityStandortOrange County und Umgebung, KalifornienBrancheTelekommunikationAktuellLoyola Marymount University, HighPoint AssociatesFrüherOxford Media Inc, Verso Technologies, PictureTelAusbildungStanford UniversityEmpfehlungen19 Personen haben Lewis Jaffe empfohlenWebseitenPersönliche Webseite500+KontakteSehen Sie sich Lewis Jaffes vollständiges Profil an. Es ist kostenlos.Ihre Kollegen, Kommilitonen und 500 Millionen weitere Fach- und Führungskräfte sind bereits auf LinkedIn.Lewis Jaffes vollständiges Profil anzeigenLewis Jaffes Beiträge und AktivitätenThe One Day MBA - Managing...Lewis Jaffe auf LinkedIn7. Mai 2015Saundra (Lee) BottsLewis Jaffe hat Folgendes mitgeteilt:Nothing alienates a loyal customer more than a special...Lewis Jaffe gefällt Folgendes:I'm looking for talented and dedicated Visual Collaboration...Lewis Jaffe gefällt Folgendes:Alle Aktivitäten anzeigenZusammenfassungI provide leadership, getting teams aligned around a common goal and over achieving their mission.  My methodology is based on a simple principle, all businesses are the same; they exist for the sole purpose of “gaining and retaining customers, profitably in order to create stake holder value.” My strategies combine a deep dive into market dynamics and customers’ needs partnering distribution channels, implementing tactics that provide the proper incentive to meet its sales plan.  I align the internal team to make sure customers get their needs met in a seamless fashion.  I focus on execution of a plan and constantly test results and fine tune for peak performance.I’m a proven operating executive with significant turnaround and growth experience, successful with generating profits and creating shareholder value in both public and private companies by aligning strategies with customer and market demands, bringing existing products to new markets and refining offerings to existing markets.  Experienced in creating sales and margin growth organically and through M&A activities, and exploiting synergies.  I have guest lectured at numerous major Universities, speaking at Private Equity/Venture Capital and various industry  conferences and provide some consulting to companies in distress that require a change in strategy, operational improvement and financial restructuring.I currently sit on the Board of Directors of Benihana Corporation and serve as its lead independent director, sitting on the audit and governance committees and Bond Laboratories.  I am also on the Board of York Telecom a Video Conferencing service provider.   I have also earned  my Advanced Professional Director certification  from The American College of Corporate Directors  focusing on the intricacies of board governance, audit practices and executive compensation issues, as well as to be versed in the skills required to manage today's complex legal and ethical environment.Specialties: LEADERSHIP•	Turnarounds and Transformations•	Change Leadership•	P&L Acumen•	Board of Directors - Governance & AuditBUSINESS DEVELOPMENT•	Double-Digit Revenue Growth•	Global Business Development & 3rd Party Partnerships•	Distribution Channel Creation & Reinvigoration•	Strategic Marketing – Market Segment & Total Addressable Market ExpansionSTRATEGY•	M&A (20+ deals, Buy side & Sell side)•	Strategic Planning & Vision•	Brand Building & Restoration•	Value Creation & Exit StrategiesErfahrungProfessor, Fred Kiesner Center for EntrepreneurshipLoyola Marymount UniversitySeptember 2014  –  Heute (2 Jahre 11 Monate)Großraum Los Angeles und UmgebungGrowing New and Existing Ventures, Leadership, Management, Critical Success Factors and Entrepreneurship.Interim "C" level Executive - CEO Coach - Strategic and Tactical Consultant - Growth and TurnaroundsHighPoint AssociatesJanuar 2008  –  Heute (9 Jahre 7 Monate)I work with companies to solve critical issues; both growth and profitability.  My skills are strategic planning and leadership and my results are stronger organizations and increased corporate profits.  My industries include: manufacturing, services, telecommunications, electronics and healthcare.  Clients have included: LG Electronics, EnvisionEMI, Prosper Coproration, Lynch Ambulance, Zone Diet and Famous DavesCEOOxford Media IncJanuar 2006  –  Oktober 2007 (1 Jahr 10 Monate)a $15MM technology company specializing in the delivery of Video On Demand Content and Internet Access for the Hospitality Industry. Grew top line organically and through acquisition.  Added Advertising revenues to traditional movie rentals.PresidentVerso TechnologiesNovember 2004  –  August 2005 (10 Monate)I was hired to install process and discipline to the organization while reinvigorating sales and divesting non core assets.  During my tenure the Company experienced its first quarterly sequential growth, we doubled our sales pipeline insuring future growth quarters, improved our product roadmap and developed better relationships with strategic partners.President and COOPictureTelApril 2000  –  März 2002 (2 Jahre)Lead the turnaround and subsequent sale to PolycomGeschäftsleiterManaging DirectorOriginal anzeigenÜbersetzung anzeigenWie finden Sie diese Übersetzung?Gut•FehlerhaftDanke für Ihre Hilfe!Arthur Andersen1998  –  2000 (2 Jahre)EhrenamtVerwaltungsratspräsidentPresident of the BoardOriginal anzeigenÜbersetzung anzeigenWie finden Sie diese Übersetzung?Gut•FehlerhaftDanke für Ihre Hilfe!Providence Speech and Hearing CenterMai 2010dummy1dummy2Original anzeigenÜbersetzung anzeigenKenntnisseMarketingstrategieMarketing StrategyProduktentwicklungProduct DevelopmentUnternehmensinformatikEnterprise SoftwareVertriebSalesCoachingStart-upsGeschäftsentwicklungBusiness DevelopmentWie finden Sie diese Übersetzung?Gut•FehlerhaftDanke für Ihre Hilfe!AusbildungStanford University1993  –  1993La Salle UniversityBSBS1974  –  1978EmpfehlungenHier ein kleiner Vorgeschmack darauf, was LinkedIn Mitglieder über Lewis Jaffe sagen:Lew engaged my consulting services to handle certain business development responsibilities.  

During that engagement, I found Lew to be a very creative, diligent, and hard-working Chief Executive.  He found the right balance in handling my work.  He helped prepare the direction and objectives that I would pursue.  He gave me enough leeway to execute on them.  All the while, he was accessible and provided the necessary guidance to facilitate my achieving the desired goals of the engagement.

It was a productive engagement.  I hope that the opportunity to work with Lew again will be forthcoming.

Michael GoldsteinMehr anzeigenWeniger anzeigenLew is an accomplished and capable CEO who has guided several successful companies and helped salvage/restructure others. Lew has relationships and expertise in the Technology and Media industries, and has excellent insight at the convergence point of those two verticals.Mehr anzeigenWeniger anzeigenLoggen Sie sich ein, um zu sehen, wer Lewis Jaffe empfohlen hat.Sehen Sie sich Lewis Jaffes vollständiges Profil an. Finden Sie heraus, welche gemeinsamen Kontakte Sie habenLassen Sie sich vorstellenKontaktieren Sie Lewis Jaffe direktLewis Jaffes vollständiges Profil anzeigenDas ist nicht die Person mit dem Namen Lewis Jaffe, die Sie gesucht haben? Mehr anzeigenProfil in einer anderen Sprache anzeigenEnglischDeutschEbenfalls angesehenJason D'Mello Ph.D.Zijing ShaComputer Science Student in University of Rochester | Seeking for Employment of Software EngineerJeffrey ConroyFamily, Health, Wisdom and Wealth.Grant MelloEmergency Medicine Scribe at Cedars-Sinai Marina Del Rey HospitalDavid PriceGlobal Business Development Leader | Strategic Adviser | Sales Development | Board AdviserLorraine LewisEntrepreneurJames StapleDirector of Events at Spectra by Comcast SpectacorElizabeth GortmakerDirector of the Center for Entrepreneurship at Belmont UniversityStefan FreemanInterim CEO Reed's Inc..Badge für Ihr öffentliches ProfilDieses LinkedIn Profil auf anderen Webseiten verwendenProfil-Badges anzeigenWeitere Personen namens Lewis Jaffe suchenVornameNachnameBeispiel:  Lewis JaffeLewis JaffeVereinigte StaatenLewis Lewis Jaffe--Vereinigte StaatenWeitere Personen namens Lewis JaffeLinkedIn Mitgliederverzeichnis:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzMehrMitglieder nach Land durchsuchenBeginn der UmfrageSchließenErweiternWas halten Sie von dieser Übersetzung?Helfen Sie dabei, die maschinell übersetzten Profile von LinkedIn zu verbessern. Ist Ihnen einer dieser Punkte aufgefallen?       Falsches GeschlechtUnprofessioneller StilFormatierungsfehlerFehlerhafte ÜbersetzungWählen Sie bitte mindestens eine Antwort aus.Feedback sendenEnde der UmfrageBeginn des DialogsSchließenDanke für Ihre Hilfe.Wir verwenden diese Informationen zur Verbesserung unserer maschinellen Übersetzungen.Ende des Dialogs

























Lewis Jaffe - Chief Executive Officer at Movime Network, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Lewis Jaffe
Chief Executive Officer at Movime Network, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Lewis Jaffe
Chief Executive Officer at Movime Network, Inc.



 Overview



Age



58
                                  (Born 1959)
                                              




Notable Companies


Verso Technologies, Inc.

PictureTel LLC

(C) Systems LLC




Board Seats



13





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 1,070 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




GlobeNewswire
December 12, 2016





                        Reed's, Inc. Announces Board Committee Appointments                    





Marketline Newswire
October 20, 2016





                        Reeds adds new board member                    





GlobeNewswire
October 20, 2016





                        Reed's, Inc. Adds New Board Member: Lewis Jaffe                    





Marketwired
October 2, 2015





                        FitLife Brands, Inc. and iSatori, Inc. Complete Merger                    







 Relationships
              See Details




John S. Wilson

President & Chief Executive Officer at FitLife Brands, Inc.




J. Kenyon Hayward

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Wire One Technologies, Inc.





Christopher J. Reed

Founder at REED'S, Inc.




Michael S. Abrams

Chief Financial Officer at FitLife Brands, Inc.





Val M. Stalowir

Chief Executive Officer at REED'S, Inc.




Grant R. Dawson

Analyst at Polar Asset Management Partners, Inc.





Thomas C. Hemingway

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Redwood Investment Group LLC




Leo Flotron

President at Wire One Technologies, Inc.





Norman H. Becker

President & Director at Corrections Systems International, Inc.




Todd Ordal

President at Applied Strategies LLC







See 1,060 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1,060 More 


 


 Paths to Lewis Jaffe



            Lewis Jaffe          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Lewis Jaffe






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Lewis Jaffe.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Bachelor of Science 


LaSalle University

                  La Salle University is a private, co-educational, Roman Catholic university located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. Named for St. Jean-Baptiste de La Salle, the school was founded in 1863 by the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools. As of 2008 the school has approximately 7,554 students, about 63% of whom are undergraduates. Located in northwestern Philadelphia, the university is affiliated with the Roman Catholic Church through the Archdiocese of Philadelphia. La Salle College was founded in March 1863 as an all-male school by Brother Teliow and Archbishop James Wood of Archdiocese of Philadelphia. It was first located at St. Michael's Parish on N. 2nd Street in the Olde Kensington section of Philadelphia. La Salle soon moved to the building vacated by St. Joseph's College at 1234 Filbert Street in Center City, Philadelphia. In 1886, due to the development of the Center City district, La Salle moved to a third location, the former mansion of Michael Bouvier, the great-great-grandfather of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, at 1240 North Broad Street. Due to space constraints, La Salle finally moved to its current campus at the intersection of 20th Street and Olney Avenue in 1930. The new location had a suburban feel with ample land, but was linked to the city by trolleys and the newly constructed Broad Street Subway.                




MBA 


Stanford University - Stanford Graduate School of Business

                  The Stanford Graduate School of Business has built an international reputation based on its innovative programs, which include:

        Two-year MBA Program, designed to educate business leaders
        One-year Stanford Sloan Master’s Program for mid-career executives
        PhD Program for future academics
        Executive Education programs for experienced managers
        Faculty research program

Academic programs, including the two-year MBA, the 12-month Sloan Master's Program, and the PhD program, create a transformational student experience that reflects the tagline: Change lives. Change organizations. Change the world.
Today the state-of-the-art Knight Management Center complex enables Stanford's innovative, globalized MBA curriculum, offering flexible classroom spaces for hands-on experiential learning small-group leadership labs, and team-based learning. It engages faculty and students across Stanford University, as well as alumni, global executives, and the broader world community.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer

                                    Current                


Movime Network, Inc.






Professional

                                    2009 - Prior                


Jaffe & Associates, Inc.


                  Jaffe & Associates, Inc. provides tax preparation services. It also provides accounting services. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Encino, CA.                




Chief Executive Officer

                                    2008 - 2008                


Lynch Ambulance






Interim Chief Executive Officer & President

                                    2006 - 2008                


SVI Media, Inc.


                  SVI Media, Inc. provides services to the hospitality industry, including video-on-demand (VOD) systems, free-to-guest television (FTG) and high-speed internet access. The company provides technology, content and support services for in-room entertainment and high-speed internet access to small and medium sized hospitality properties. Its proprietary system comprises of hardware and software technology for the cost-effective delivery of VOD on a pay-per-view basis. SVI Media was founded on October 13, 2003 and is headquartered in Peoria, IL.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2004 - 2005                


Verso Technologies, Inc.


                  Verso Technologies, Inc. provides next generation network solutions offering a core-to-edge product portfolio for telecommunications service providers and enterprise organizations. The company operates its business through two segments: Technologies Group and Verso Outsourcing Group. The Technologies Group segment develops softswitch, software and hardware-based converged packet solutions that use next generation protocols such as VoIP, VoIP based access products, VoIP based applications and server devices that provide multiplexing and transport of voice and data services, as well as other advanced protocols for specialized applications such as a global system for mobile communication and code division multiple access backhaul and voice/data over satellite transmissions. The Verso Outsourcing segment consists of its technical assistance center, providing support for its technical applications and services to outside customers. Verso Technologies was founded on March 20, 1984 and is headquartered in Atlanta, GA.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    2000 - 2002                


PictureTel LLC


                  PictureTel LLC develops, manufactures, and markets videoconferencing systems. It offers video streaming, visual, and data collaboration technologies to facilitate businesses, schools, medical facilities, government, and other organizations. It is a subsidiary of Polycom, Inc. The company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Andover, MA.                




Managing Director, Corporate Restructuring

                                    1998 - 2000                


Arthur Andersen LLP


                  Arthur Andersen LLP used to provide accounting services. It was also into consulting services for clients that operate businesses throughout the United States and around the world. Arthur Andersen was founded in 1913 and was headquartered in Chicago, IL.                




President

                                    1997 - 1998                


(C) Systems LLC






President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    1979 - Prior                


The Gem Group, Inc. - Massachusetts






President

                                    Prior                


CORE-M, Inc.






Professional

                                    Prior                


Wire One Technologies, Inc.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


REED'S, Inc.

                    Reed's, Inc. engages in the development, marketing, and sale of natural non-alcoholic carbonated sodas and natural foods. Its product lines include Reed's Ginger Brews, Virgil's Root Beer, Cream Sodas, Dr. Better and Real Cola, Culture Club Kombucha, China Colas, Reed's Ginger candy and ice creams, and Sonoma Sparkler and other juice based products. The company was founded by Christopher J. Reed in June 1987 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.                  




Chairman, Board of Directors

                    2010 - Current                  


FitLife Brands, Inc.

                    FitLife Brands, Inc. provides nutrition and dietary supplement products for health conscious consumers. It operates through NDS Nutrition Products, Inc., which manufactures and distributes a full line of nutritional supplements through franchisees of General Nutrition Centers, Inc., located throughout the United States. FitLife Brands was founded by Scott D. Landow on July 26, 2005 and is headquartered in Omaha, NE.                  




Board Member

                    2002 - Current                  


Wire One Technologies, Inc.






Director

                    Current                  


Travizon, Inc.

                    Travizon, Inc. provides travel management services. It provides travel technology, meeting, and incentive travel services. The firm offers technological tools to help travelers manage their plans. The company was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Woburn, MA.                  




Director

                    2014 - Prior                  


Cyclone Power Technologies, Inc.

                    Cyclone Power Technologies, Inc. engages in the development of cyclone engines. Its cyclone engine is an all fuel thermal engine which runs power generators fueled by biomass, waste fuels, solar thermal or engine exhaust, to cars, trucks, and locomotives. The company was founded by Harry Schoell in 1971 and is headquartered in Pompano Beach, FL.                  




Director

                    2006 - 2008                  


SVI Media, Inc.

                    SVI Media, Inc. provides services to the hospitality industry, including video-on-demand (VOD) systems, free-to-guest television (FTG) and high-speed internet access. The company provides technology, content and support services for in-room entertainment and high-speed internet access to small and medium sized hospitality properties. Its proprietary system comprises of hardware and software technology for the cost-effective delivery of VOD on a pay-per-view basis. SVI Media was founded on October 13, 2003 and is headquartered in Peoria, IL.                  




Lead Independent Director

                    2006 - Prior                  


York Telecom Corp.

                    York Telecom Corp. provides visual communication solutions. The firm specializes on providing communication solutions for commercial, education, medical, and public sector clients. It offers total managed conferencing services, consulting, integration and operational services, professional video production and postproduction for visual communication solutions such as, Videoconferencing, Streaming Media, Video on Demand, Custom Media Studio and Room Design, and Multimedia Network Management. The company was founded by York Wang in 1985 and is headquartered in Eatontown, NJ.                  




Director

                    Prior - 2005                  


ACT Teleconferencing, Inc.

                    ACT Teleconferencing, Inc. develops audio and video teleconferencing software and devices. Its integrated platforms provide managed, international and local-language services. The company was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Lakewood, CO.                  




Lead Independent Director

                    2004 - 2012                  


Benihana, Inc.

                    Benihana Inc. operates teppanyaki-style Japanese restaurants in the United States. It offers extensive menu of traditional Japanese and Japanese fusion dishes in a modern, urban atmosphere. Benihana was founded by Rocky H. Aoki in 1964 and is headquartered in, Aventura, FL.                  




Director

                    2003 - 2004                  


Media 100, Inc.

                    Media 100, Inc. engages in the provision of editing systems for the corporate, broadcast, post production and new media industries. Its product brand, Media 100 Suite is a video editing software for broadcasting. The company was founded by Alfred A. Molinari, Jr. in December 1973 and is headquartered in Marlborough, MA.                  




Director

                    2001 - 2003                  


GlowPoint, Inc.

                    Glowpoint, Inc. engages in the provision of video collaboration, and network applications. Its services provides a wide range of video collaboration services, from automated to orchestrated, to address the spectrum of user experience and business applications, in an effort to drive adoption of video throughout the enterprise. The company was founded on May 18, 2000 and is headquartered in Denver, CO.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Pixion, Inc.

                    Pixion, Inc. web conferencing solutions. The company's customers include Bank of America, CKE Restaurants and Booz-Allen. It also offers services such as consulting, training and support. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in San Ramon, CA.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    1999 - 2004                  


Turnaround Management Association Uk







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Lewis Jaffe is affiliated with
                            Movime Network, Inc., Jaffe & Associates, Inc., Lynch Ambulance, SVI Media, Inc., Verso Technologies, Inc., PictureTel LLC, Arthur Andersen LLP, (C) Systems LLC, The Gem Group, Inc. - Massachusetts, CORE-M, Inc., Wire One Technologies, Inc., REED'S, Inc., FitLife Brands, Inc., Wire One Technologies, Inc., Travizon, Inc., Cyclone Power Technologies, Inc., SVI Media, Inc., York Telecom Corp., ACT Teleconferencing, Inc., Benihana, Inc., Media 100, Inc., GlowPoint, Inc., Pixion, Inc., Turnaround Management Association Uk.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













Jaffe Lewis in Mendham, New Jersey with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeMendham, NJJaffe LewisMendham, NJ Jaffe LewisAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Jaffe, Robert M239 Us Highway 22Green Brook, NJ 08812(732) 968-5160Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection2. Jaffe, Leonard, MD609 Morris AveSpringfield, NJ 07081(973) 467-9500Physicians & Surgeons, OrthopedicsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Leonard Jaffe MD631 BroadwayBayonne, NJ 07002(973) 379-1991Physicians & Surgeons, OrthopedicsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Giles, Lewis P7 W Main St Ste 2Mendham, NJ 07945(973) 543-2097Physicians & SurgeonsPsychologistsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. S Lewis Alan Dpm169 Mine Brook RdBernardsville, NJ 07924(908) 221-0577Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Alan S Lewis Dpm150 River RdMontville, NJ 07045(973) 335-9494Physicians & Surgeons, PodiatristsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Ladocsi Lewis MD776 Northfield AveWest Orange, NJ 07052(973) 731-7707Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection8. Lewis P Stolman MD290 S Livingston Ave Ste 1Livingston, NJ 07039(973) 740-0101Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection9. Dr. Lewis346 South Ave Ste 5Fanwood, NJ 07023(908) 889-1872Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection10. Lewis, Shannale K94 Old Short Hills RdLivingston, NJ 07039(973) 322-5777Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection11. P Lewis Thomas MD Ph.D.346 South Ave Ste 5Fanwood, NJ 07023(908) 889-4700Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection12. Lewis M Zemsky MD PA1132 S Washington AvePiscataway, NJ 08854(732) 752-8484Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Ladocsi, Lewis T, MD375 Mount Pleasant AveWest Orange, NJ 07052(973) 731-7707Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection14. Lewis, Alison D, MD17 Plainfield AvePiscataway, NJ 08854(732) 885-1800Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Lewis, Frieda, MD135 Newton Sparta RdNewton, NJ 07860(973) 383-8555Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection16. Lewis, A123 Lyons AveNewark, NJ 07112(973) 705-3151Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection17. Lewis Milrod MD80 State Route 27Edison, NJ 08820(732) 548-2724Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection18. Nelson, Lewis150 Bergen StNewark, NJ 07103(973) 972-8475Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection19. Lewis, Beth, MD254 Easton AveNew Brunswick, NJ 08901(732) 745-8600Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Lewis, Jocelyn A, MD195 Little Albany StNew Brunswick, NJ 08901(732) 235-2465Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection21. Lewis, Mary K, MD1100 Wescott DrFlemington, NJ 08822(908) 788-6535Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. Lewis, Lisa P175 High StNewton, NJ 07860(973) 383-0973Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection23. David G Lewis MD Faad1100 Wescott DrFlemington, NJ 08822(908) 788-6456Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection24. Lewis, Michael G, MD1037 Us Highway 46 Ste EClifton, NJ 07013(973) 779-3911Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection25. Marton, Lewis R, MD703 Main StPaterson, NJ 07503(973) 754-3213Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection26. Lewis J Levine MD557 Cranbury Rd Ste 10East Brunswick, NJ 08816(732) 238-8800Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection27. Lewis Zinkin MD620 Cranbury RdEast Brunswick, NJ 08816(732) 238-2662Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection28. Lewis, Rachel30 Prospect AveHackensack, NJ 07601(551) 996-2000Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection29. Lewis M Milrod MD1099 Targee StStaten Island, NY 10304(718) 448-3211Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection30. Lewis, Brett E, MD92 2nd StHackensack, NJ 07601(201) 996-2210Physicians & SurgeonsSponsored LinksShowing1-30
of 38results12NextMap ViewSponsoredRoxbury Eye Center PC - Robert S Pinke MD66 Sunset Strip Ste 107, Succasunna, NJ 07876(973) 584-4451WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoPassaic Sleep Medicine201 State Rt 17, Rutherford, NJ 07070(973) 816-2592Sleep Disorders TreatedWebsiteFind A LocationDirectionsMore InfoWoodland Park Pediatrics Inc.205 Browertown Rd Suite 001, Little Falls, NJ 07424(973) 559-7378WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoPassaic Sleep Medicine & Neurological Services1114 Clifton Ave, Clifton, NJ 07013(855) 850-0085Sleep Medicine and Neurological ServicesWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaser Spine InstituteServing the Mendham area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
