










JASMIN CORP. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





JASMIN CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
JASMIN CORP.


Company Address
7 RUE ALBERT HERVETBOURGES 180000


Company Phone
33644631118


Company Website
www.jasmincorp.com


CEO
Jean-Paul Chavanaz


Employees 
 -- 


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
6/30


Status
Filed (9/1/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.04


Shares Offered
2,000,000


Offer Amount
$80,000.00


Total Expenses
$8,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
4,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001680237




The following table details the Company’s intended use of proceeds from this
Offering, for the first twelve (12) months after successful completion of the
Offering. None of the expenditures itemized are listed in any particular order 
of priority or importance. The aggregate proceeds of the Company will be 
allocated as follows: 

There is no minimum amount we are required to raise in this offering and any
funds received will be immediately available to us. 

**The above expenditures are defined as follows: 

The finds are planning to be used in the following priority: 

Professional fees: Pertains to legal services and accounting fees that will be
incurred by the company. 

Renting an office space: Expanses for renting a bigger office place as
representation stage of our company. 

Establishing an office: We are planning to spend certain above-mentioned amounts
on design of our office and purchase needed office tools if necessary. 

Website development: Pertains to the payments that will be made to design and
develop our website. 

Purchasing additional equipment: Pertains on purchasing additional equipment for
our operations. 

Raw materials: The Company will need raw materials for production the design
items and selling them to potential customers. This item of expenditure is
ongoing requirement through all time of our operations, when and if we have
orders from our potential customers. 

Marketing and advertising: Pertains to the cost of advertising and marketing our
products. 

Sales person salary and Production assistant salary: Pertains for the salary of
our future workers if any. 

Other expenses: These are the costs of operating our office including telephone
services, mail, stationary, office supplies, bank service fees and charges,
equipment repairs and other miscellaneous expenses. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to raise the entire $80,000 with this
Offering. If we do not raise sufficient funds to cover professional fees,
estimated to be $16,000 for the first 12 months, we would not be able to remain
reporting with the SEC, and therefore we would not be able to obtain an OTCBB
quotation.


We believe that the area of design is very competitive nowadays. The Company has
identified several main competitors, such as Oeneo Bouchage, Sas Bouchons Abel,
Sarl Arc Bois, which produce similar products to us. Jasmin Corp. is planning to
develop the Company’s structure on the uniqueness and ecological factors, which
we believe will give us more advantages than our competitors have. In addition
to the “organized” part of the industry, there are many smaller designing
companies that can be reached via industry magazine advertising and direct
contact. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in finding
any additional potential customers.


Company Description
Jasmin Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada as a for-profit company on
October 7, 2014. We are a development-stage company formed to produce and 
distribute our unique design products made from cork material in France. To 
date, we have had limited operations. We have developed our


 business plan, 
registered a webpage www.jasmincorp.com, purchased equipment for our process and 
signed an agreement with Un Rien De Vous, designing company, for one year term 
with an option of extension. As of the date of this filing, the Company has
generated $4,850 from selling its design items to our first customer Un Rien De 
Vous. As of the date of the financial statements included in this filing, 
September 30, 2016, we purchased equipment, raw materials and additional 
production items from Jinan Donglian CNC Technology Co., Ltd. and started our 
production process in the design industry.

The agreement between Jasmin Corp. and our customer, Un Rien De Vous does not
bind the parties signed the agreement and it does not serve as a contract
obligating the customer to purchase our products.

The Company currently has an additional sales contract with Ladivor Leu, from
which on October 20, 2016 we have received an advance payment of $1,500 from a
total of $3,000 and planning to receive another payment approximately on
November 2016, start of December 2016. Jasmin Corp. is currently in verbal
negotiations with Du Mondere Mais, the Company who is willing to buy our unique
decoration items made from cork for the amount of $800 and we are planning to
sign a sales contact with this company shortly.        

The process itself will contain supportive materials, which basically will be
composed from inks for the printer, rolls of cork materials and corks
themselves. We will make a few samples at first to place in our office and
after, in depends on the customers’ requirements we are planning to create our
items from the materials above mentioned. Jasmin Corp. also will produce
decoration items to present on the marketing exhibitions and decorate the office
of the Company with such decoration items. We will fill up our future office as
much as we can with cork material items to show the customers how they can fit
the space.
---

Jasmin Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada as a for-profit company on
October 7, 2014. Jasmin Corp’s corporate address is 33 Rue Theophile Lamy, 
Bourges 18000 France. All of the Company’s assets and operation are located in 
France. Our telephone number in France is 0033644631118. Our website: 
www.jasmincorp.com. Email: info@jasmincorp.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$4,850


Net Income
-$3,216


Total Assets
$5,709






Total Liabilities
$7,000


Stockholders' Equity
-$1,291




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



JASMIN CORP.
S-1/A
11/23/2016
Filing



JASMIN CORP.
S-1/A
11/4/2016
Filing



JASMIN CORP.
S-1/A
9/28/2016
Filing



JASMIN CORP.
S-1
9/1/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Pritchett, Siler and Hardy, PC


Company Counsel
McMurdo Law Group, LLC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX
















































JASMIN CORP. IPO: Financials & Filings - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company Financials & Filings





JASMIN CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
JASMIN CORP.


Company Address
7 RUE ALBERT HERVETBOURGES 180000


Company Phone
33644631118


Company Website
www.jasmincorp.com


CEO
Jean-Paul Chavanaz


Employees 
 -- 


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
6/30


Status
Filed (9/1/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.04


Shares Offered
2,000,000


Offer Amount
$80,000.00


Total Expenses
$8,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
4,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001680237




The following table details the Company’s intended use of proceeds from this
Offering, for the first twelve (12) months after successful completion of the
Offering. None of the expenditures itemized are listed in any particular order 
of priority or importance. The aggregate proceeds of the Company will be 
allocated as follows: 

There is no minimum amount we are required to raise in this offering and any
funds received will be immediately available to us. 

**The above expenditures are defined as follows: 

The finds are planning to be used in the following priority: 

Professional fees: Pertains to legal services and accounting fees that will be
incurred by the company. 

Renting an office space: Expanses for renting a bigger office place as
representation stage of our company. 

Establishing an office: We are planning to spend certain above-mentioned amounts
on design of our office and purchase needed office tools if necessary. 

Website development: Pertains to the payments that will be made to design and
develop our website. 

Purchasing additional equipment: Pertains on purchasing additional equipment for
our operations. 

Raw materials: The Company will need raw materials for production the design
items and selling them to potential customers. This item of expenditure is
ongoing requirement through all time of our operations, when and if we have
orders from our potential customers. 

Marketing and advertising: Pertains to the cost of advertising and marketing our
products. 

Sales person salary and Production assistant salary: Pertains for the salary of
our future workers if any. 

Other expenses: These are the costs of operating our office including telephone
services, mail, stationary, office supplies, bank service fees and charges,
equipment repairs and other miscellaneous expenses. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to raise the entire $80,000 with this
Offering. If we do not raise sufficient funds to cover professional fees,
estimated to be $16,000 for the first 12 months, we would not be able to remain
reporting with the SEC, and therefore we would not be able to obtain an OTCBB
quotation.


We believe that the area of design is very competitive nowadays. The Company has
identified several main competitors, such as Oeneo Bouchage, Sas Bouchons Abel,
Sarl Arc Bois, which produce similar products to us. Jasmin Corp. is planning to
develop the Company’s structure on the uniqueness and ecological factors, which
we believe will give us more advantages than our competitors have. In addition
to the “organized” part of the industry, there are many smaller designing
companies that can be reached via industry magazine advertising and direct
contact. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in finding
any additional potential customers.


Company Description
Jasmin Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada as a for-profit company on
October 7, 2014. We are a development-stage company formed to produce and 
distribute our unique design products made from cork material in France. To 
date, we have had limited operations. We have developed our


 business plan, 
registered a webpage www.jasmincorp.com, purchased equipment for our process and 
signed an agreement with Un Rien De Vous, designing company, for one year term 
with an option of extension. As of the date of this filing, the Company has
generated $4,850 from selling its design items to our first customer Un Rien De 
Vous. As of the date of the financial statements included in this filing, 
September 30, 2016, we purchased equipment, raw materials and additional 
production items from Jinan Donglian CNC Technology Co., Ltd. and started our 
production process in the design industry.

The agreement between Jasmin Corp. and our customer, Un Rien De Vous does not
bind the parties signed the agreement and it does not serve as a contract
obligating the customer to purchase our products.

The Company currently has an additional sales contract with Ladivor Leu, from
which on October 20, 2016 we have received an advance payment of $1,500 from a
total of $3,000 and planning to receive another payment approximately on
November 2016, start of December 2016. Jasmin Corp. is currently in verbal
negotiations with Du Mondere Mais, the Company who is willing to buy our unique
decoration items made from cork for the amount of $800 and we are planning to
sign a sales contact with this company shortly.        

The process itself will contain supportive materials, which basically will be
composed from inks for the printer, rolls of cork materials and corks
themselves. We will make a few samples at first to place in our office and
after, in depends on the customers’ requirements we are planning to create our
items from the materials above mentioned. Jasmin Corp. also will produce
decoration items to present on the marketing exhibitions and decorate the office
of the Company with such decoration items. We will fill up our future office as
much as we can with cork material items to show the customers how they can fit
the space.
---

Jasmin Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada as a for-profit company on
October 7, 2014. Jasmin Corp’s corporate address is 33 Rue Theophile Lamy, 
Bourges 18000 France. All of the Company’s assets and operation are located in 
France. Our telephone number in France is 0033644631118. Our website: 
www.jasmincorp.com. Email: info@jasmincorp.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$4,850


Net Income
-$3,216


Total Assets
$5,709






Total Liabilities
$7,000


Stockholders' Equity
-$1,291




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



JASMIN CORP.
S-1/A
11/23/2016
Filing



JASMIN CORP.
S-1/A
11/4/2016
Filing



JASMIN CORP.
S-1/A
9/28/2016
Filing



JASMIN CORP.
S-1
9/1/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Pritchett, Siler and Hardy, PC


Company Counsel
McMurdo Law Group, LLC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX
















































 




Jasmin Home Care Corp.                                                                                                   - Homestead                                         , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Homestead



Home Health Care Services



Home Health Care Services



                            Jasmin Home Care Corp.
                                    



 





















J 


Jasmin Home Care Corp.                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



14249 SW 296TH ST HOMESTEAD, FL 33033
Get Directions



(786) 752-0780
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated FL
 Annual Revenue $124,168.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Home Health Care Services
 Contacts Isabel Siles                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jasmin Home Care Corp.                                                                                                   is located at 14249 Sw 296th St in Homestead and has been in the business of Home Health Care Services since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















JASMINE CORPORATION, INC. - ABINGDON, MD - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MD



ABINGDON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JASMINE CORPORATION, INC.
                                    



 





















J 


JASMINE CORPORATION, INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2940 EMMORTON RD ABINGDON, MD 21009
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jasmine Corporation, Inc. was founded in 2009. Jasmine Corporation, Inc. specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Jasmine Food Corporation Sdn. Bhd. | When Only The Best Will Do!










































 





















Select Page


  
 



 



 



































 

 
 
 
 



PROMOTIONS & EVENTS
 
 
 





 

DATE: 4 – 13 Aug 2017
Tesco Big Sales & Jasmine Facebook Fans Redemption
DATE: 28 July – 13 Aug 2017
ECONSAVE Great Savings! Drop by ECONSAVE to enjoy savings on selected Jasmine rice brands.
DATE: 26 July – 6 Aug 2017
Come to Giant to enjoy fantastic savings on Jasmine Sunwhite, PusaGold, Super5 and SunBrown Hi-fibre.
DATE: 21 – 30 July 2017
Fantastic offer at AEONBig! Enjoy great savings on selected Jasmine rice brands!
 
 
 
 



DELICIOUS RECIPES JUST FOR YOU
 
 
 





Asian Black Rice Salad
A healthy salad dish with Jasmine BlackBerry rice, also known as the forbidden rice.

 
 
 




Bubur Lambuk Ramadhan
A must-have dish during the fasting month of Ramadhan and the festivity of Hari Raya.

 
 
 




Healthy, Tasty Carrot Pulao
A delightful and healthy dish, it’s tasty, nourishing and easy to prepare.

 
 
 




HAWAIIAN AHI POKE
A delightful combination of quality rice with salmon and vegetable dressings.

 
 
 
 





KIMCHI FRIED RICE
A taste of Korea! Experience the tangy taste of Kimchi with quality PusaGold rice.

 
 
 




Maqluba
Tender chicken with PusaCream basmathi rice, crunchy nut toppings and veges to top it all.

 
 
 




Oyster Porridge
A traditional porridge all time favourite with Jasmine fragrant Sunwhite rice!

 
 
 




Turkish Baked Rice Pudding
Rice pudding with a difference! An exotic Turkish pudding delight.

 
 
 
 





Ulam Rice / Nasi Ulam
Ulam Rice – A special combination of greens and vegetables with spicy sambal

 
 
 




NASI MINYAK & DALCA LAMB CHOP
Nasi Minyak & Dalca Lamb Chop – Tender lamb meat cooked to perfection with ghee rice or better known as Nasi Minyak

 
 
 




Rendang Ayam with PusaCream Basmathi Rice
Chicken Rendang recipe with PusaCream basmathi rice, specially brought to you by Celebrity Chef Fikree Aznan!

 
 
 




FRAGRANT RICE PATTIES
Fragrant Rice Patties – Savor this simple yet delicious meal and enjoy the true taste of Jasmine fragrant rice

 
 
 
 


For more exciting recipes, click here
 
 
 
 



DID YOU KNOW…
 
 
 





Misconceptions About Rice
Rice is one of the safest food discovered. It contains minerals and vitamins that are needed by the body.

 
 
 




Premium Basmathi Rice
Jasmine’s range of basmathi rice are highly sought by food connoisseurs for their taste and unique features.

 
 
 




Keys to a HEALTHIER you
One variety of rice that is getting the attention of the community for its nutritional value is brown rice.

 
 
 
 
 





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


















Jasmin Corp.  HOMEPRODUCTSABOUT USCONTACT US  © 2016 Jasmin Corp.  Jasmin Corp.Cork products     View on Mobile

Jasmine Smoothie World and Bubble Tea--Products






















Products

Chinese / English













Item #
Name
Specification
Photo


JAM                                                                       TOP 


10001
Strawberry
4.5KGS*4



10002
Mango
4.5KGS*4



10003
Pineapple
4.5KGS*4



10004
Passion Fruit
4.5KGS*4



10005
Kiwi
4.5KGS*4



10006
Blueberry
4.5KGS*4



10007
Orange
4.5KGS*4


10008
Grape
4.5KGS*4


10009
Peach
4.5KGS*4



10010
Honeydew
4.5KGS*4



10011
Green Apple
4.5KGS*4



¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡  JUICE                                                                        TOP


20001
Strawberry
2.5Kgs*6


5KGS*4 


20002
Mango
2.5Kgs*6


5KGS*4 


20003
Pineapple
2.5Kgs*6


5KGS*4 


20004
Passion Fruit
2.5Kgs*6 


5KGS*4 


20005
Kiwi
2.5Kgs*6 


5KGS*4 


20006
Blueberry
2.5Kgs*6 


5KGS*4 


20006
Orange
2.5Kgs*6


5KGS*4 


20007
Grape
2.5Kgs*6 


5KGS*4 


20008
Peach
2.5Kgs*6 


5KGS*4 


20009
Honeydew
2.5Kgs*6


5KGS*4 


20010
Green Apple
2.5Kgs*6


5KGS*4


20011
Lemon
2.5Kgs*6


5KGS*4


                                POWDER                                                                       TOP


30001
Strawberry
1KG*20


30002
Mango
1KG*20


30003
Green Apple
1KG*20


30004
Papaya
1KG*20


30005
Vanilla
1KG*20


30006
Taro
1KG*20


30007
Coconut
1KG*20


30008
Honeydew
1KG*20


30009
Coffee
1KG*20


30010
Chocolate
1KG*20   ¡¡


30011
Magic Mocha
1KG*20


30012
Red Bean
1KG*20


30013
Green Bean
1KG*20


30014
Almond
1KG*20


                        ¡¡      CUP                                                                       TOP 


50001
Cup (for kids)
360CC/D95,100PCS*20 


50002
Cup (small)
500CC/D95,100PCS*20 


50003
Cup (medium)
700CC/D95,50PCS*20


50004
Cup (large)
850CC/D95,50PCS*10 


50005
C5 doom lid
100*20 


50006
C5C lid
120*8 


50007
Fat Straw
22cm*14mm 50PCS*100


50008
Regular Straw
22cm*6mm 90PCS*100 


50009
Sample cup
3/4 OZ 250PCS*20 


50010
Fat Straw (wrapped)
22cm*14mm 50PCS*100


50011
Regular Straw (wrapped)
20cm*6mm 90PCS*100


50012
Lid
100*20 


                                   OTHERS                                                                        TOP 


60001
Black Tea
600G*24Bags


60002
Green Tea
600G*24Bags


60003
Fruit Jelly
4.5KGS*4 


60004
Tapioca Pearls
2.5mm 3KGS*6


60005
Napkin


60006
Sugar
50L*1 


60007
Sweetener
11L*4 


60008
Creamer
18L*1 


60009
Creamer
1L*50 


60010
Creamer
2L*12 


60011
Blender


60012
Blender Container


60013
Blender Stick


60014
Water heater


60015
Filter

60016
Tea Pot

60017
Ice Machine

60018
Shaking Machine

60019
Shaker


60020
Shaker
700cc,  Bullet-proof glass 


60021
Creamer
¡¡40L*1



 




Bubble Tea (Main Products)
It is delicious, it is a concoction of tea, flavors of tropical fruits, sometimes the drink is made with fresh fruit, milk, and crushed ice to create a healthy milk shake, and with tapioca pearls sitting on the bottom of a clear cup. Tapioca pearls are black, but can sometimes be found to be white or transparent. Depending on the ingredients of the pearl, the color varies. The black pearl includes sweet potato, cassava root and brown sugar. When cooked perfectly, the pearls become sweet chewy balls with a gummy-bear like texture about the size of a marble. Bubble tea is healthy. Medical studies have shown that tea contains powerful antioxidants that help you fight against cancers and diseases. So, try a cup of bubble tea. It is bubblicious!



Smoothies (Best Sale )
Smoothies have spilled out of the health food store and gone mainstream.Our smoothie is the mix of special non-diary, all natural, fat-free tropical fruit Jam or fresh fruits, ice and a small cup of pure water. As known, smoothies are refreshing sources of calories, protein, calcium and other nutrients.





 



Jasmine Smoothie World and Bubble Tea


Teng Fei Inc.
Korona Management Inc.






     


 




















 












 














Jam

Juice

Powder



 








 














 


















Cups

Others

All



 

























Taiwan JASMIN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION | ABOUT US |Taiwantrade.com




































Add to favorites

Service
Service OverviewCustomized Sourcing


Go to Taiwantrade
English
正體中文简体中文


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register












JASMIN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION








Menu

Home
About Us
Product
Contact Us








LEFT MENU


Home

About Us






About Us


Basic Information
Products
Certification
Contact Information
About Us
Quality Assurance System & Reliability Testing Equipments





About Us
Last Update:2017-02-21


Jasmin Technologies Corporation offers you the finest services, provide a total solution
                           with supreme quality and speed for plastic products. Our professional services range
                           from industrial design, prototype mock up samples, plastic hard tooling, plastic injection,
                           spray painting, printing, to mechanical assembly. Our commitment to excellence and
                           efficiency guarantees short lead time and complete services. Jasmin Technologies
                           Corporation use the latest software & technology for 3D model designs, and FDM mock
                           up sample for design verification. By putting our heart into every project, we guarantees
                           high efficiency on our services. By using FDM prototype samples, many design
                           & manufacturing issue could be identify before hard tooling. This could reduce the
                           risk, greatly shorten the tooling lead time and increase the tooling life. We
                           have professional engineers to handle every area and manners. From computer hardware,
                           software, network system equipments, to cosmetic, mechanical, tooling design, to injection
                           & spray equipments, all have individual specialist to handle. When tooling
                           completed, we are pleased to offer in-house assembly & quality inspection. Our engineers
                           will improves the tool quality and condition to suit the application. Saving customer's
                           time and cost is what we do best at Jasmin. As an ISO certified factory,
                           we gave complete quality monitoring on our products, including material IQC, to process
                           IPQC, to product QA, and equipment inspection. You will receive the best quality control
                           system & customer services from our engineers. Our engineers will work closely
                           with you to identify all the requirements, and keep track of the schedule status from
                           time to time. Our technical know-how, profession on total solution, and outstanding
                           customer service is what qualifies us to face a competitive marketplace.
                        






Basic Information

Company Name:JASMIN TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION
Business Type:Exporter,Manufacturer,OEM,ODM
Year Established:1997
Tel (1):+886-2-86471572
Tel (2):--
Zip Code:221
Address:2F 196-12, Sec.3 Ta-Tung Road, Hsi-Chih, New Taipei City, Taiwan
Brand:EASY TALK, PALMED
Main Product:Our service：OEM, industrial design, mechanical design, product design, 3D prototype,
                              mock-up(mockup / mock up), plastic mold(molding / molds / mould / tooling), plastic
                              injection, plastic housing , plastic case, plastic spray painting, plastic printing,
                              VM&NCVM, mechanical assembly, product assembly, mobile phone(cell phone)
Main Export Market:United States of America,Japan,Taiwan, ROC,Germany,Spain,France,France, Metropolitan,United
                              Kingdom,Ireland,Portugal,Canada,Finland,Italy

= Verified


Products



OEM DUST-FREE SPRAY PAIN..



OEM, INJECTION MOLDING, ..



OEM, INJECTION MOLDING, ..



OEM, INJECTION MOLDING, ..



OEM VM & NCVM - BATCH SP..



All products (24)





Certification










Full
                                 Verification Report







Product Certification:













All Certifications (3)











Contact Information

Owner: Mr.J. D. Chen
Contact Person: Ms.Cindy Lin
Contact Supplier
Office Address: 2F 196-12, Sec.3 Ta-Tung Road, Hsi-Chih, New Taipei City, Taiwan
Overseas Branches: Overseas Branches
Company Site: http://www.jasmin.com.tw
Online Shop: http://www.idealez.com/jasmin/home/en_US








