










JWIZ, INC. (JWIZ) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





JWIZ, INC. (JWIZ) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
JWIZ, INC.


Company Address
125-10 QUEENS BOULEVARD#14QUEENS, NY 11415


Company Phone
718-520-1000


Company Website
www.jwiz.com


CEO
Yoram Evan


Employees  (as of 11/1/2016) 
22


State of Inc
NY


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (11/10/2016)


Proposed Symbol
JWIZ


Exchange
NASDAQ Capital


Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$11,500,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001686330




We estimate that the net proceeds from the issuance and sale of our common
shares in this offering, assuming the shares are sold at the midpoint of the
range, will be approximately $_________ (or approximately $_________ if the
representative exercises its over-allotment option in full), after deducting
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by us.

The principal purpose of this offering is to generate growth capital that will
enable us to expand our business. We intend to use the net proceeds from this
offering to establish additional sales offices, initially throughout the United
States and, longer term, in Canada, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific, that
we hope, will increase our customer base, and to fund new advertising and
promotional programs that, we hope, will result in an increased user base. As a
result, we believe, revenues will increase. The balance of the net proceeds will
be used for working capital and general corporate purposes.

The table below sets forth our estimated use of the net proceeds from this
offering represents our intentions based upon our current plans and business
conditions.

                                                      Amount      Percentage   
Costs associated with opening new sales offices                                
Marketing and promotional expenses                                             
Website, mobile application and service development                            
Repayment of outstanding indebtedness                                          
Working capital and general corporate purposes                                 
Total                                                                          

· We plan to expand our operations by establishing additional sales offices in   
  various markets throughout the United States and, longer term, possibly in     
  Canada, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific as well. The number of new sales
  offices that we will establish and the costs associated therewith will depend  
  on a variety of factors including whether the sales offices or independently or
  company owned, the cost of living in the particular location and the size of   
  the office. The amounts allocated to this use of proceeds include costs and    
  expenses relating to (i) finding suitable locations and space for the offices, 
  (ii) entering into lease or occupancy arrangements for the spaces, (iii)       
  renovating and/or furnishing the spaces to meet our needs, (iv) recruiting and 
  training new sales and marketing personnel, (v) developing marketing and       
  advertising programs for the specific geographic locations and (vi) maintaining
  and operating the sales offices, including the payment of advance sales        
  commissions, until such time as it is generating sufficient revenues to be     
  self-sufficient.                                                               

· Marketing and promotional expenses including expenses related to promoting our 
  services and our brand to potential users and customers as well costs          
  associated with developing of strategic alliances and relationships. These     
  expenses and costs may include:                                                

o online advertising;

o search engine optimization;

o social networking;

o hiring a public relations firm; and

o offline/traditional advertising.
 
· Website and service development expenses include expenses incurred to enhance, 
  expand and improve our websites, to develop and launch mobile applications and 
  new services, to develop new applications and general research and development 
  in general. It also includes expenses relating to programming, content creation
  and design.                                                                    

· We plan to repay in full the outstanding balance on a $250,000 Business Line of
  Credit from JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Dag Jewish Directories, Inc., a          
  wholly-owned subsidiary of Jewish Marketing Solutions, is the borrower and     
  amounts drawn from the credit facility are used to fund the operations of      
  Jewish Marketing Solutions. At September 30, 2016, the balance outstanding     
  under the line of credit was $235,000. Currently, outstanding balances accrue  
  interest at the rate of 4% per annum. Interest is payable monthly in arrears   
  until all amounts outstanding, principal and accrued interest, are paid in     
  full. The bank has the right to demand payment at any time. The borrower has   
  the right to prepay the outstanding balance, in whole or in part, at any time. 
  All outstanding balances under the line of credit are secured by all of the    
  borrower’s “business assets,” including inventory, equipment, accounts, general
  intangibles, chattel paper, documents, instruments, and letter of credit       
  rights. The obligations of the borrower under the credit line are              
  unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by Avi Shefi and Assaf Ran. 
  If an “Event of Default” occurs, all amounts outstanding become immediately due
  and payable and accrue interest at the “default rate” until paid. The default  
  rate is the interest rate calculated as described above plus 3%.               

· General corporate purposes include the following:

o paying accrued but unpaid consulting fees and management fees to Assaf Ran and 
  Avi Shefi estimated to be approximately $_____;                                

o hiring additional personnel;

o acquiring and enhancing our operating, support and management systems;
 
o capital expenditures for computers and other equipment; and
 
o other routine and recurring general and administrative costs.
 
Working capital may also be applied to acquisitions, although we do not have
current plans, agreements or commitments for any acquisition. Any proceeds from
the exercise of the option we granted to the underwriters to purchase additional
common shares from us will be added to working capital.

We will retain broad discretion in the allocation of the net proceeds of this
offering within the categories listed above. We may also use portions of the net
proceeds for other purposes. The amounts actually expended and their uses will
depend on a number of factors, including the amount of our future revenues and
the other factors. Pending their use, the net proceeds of this offering will be 
invested in short-term, interest-bearing, investment grade securities.

We expect that the net proceeds from this offering, together with cash flow from
operations, will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital requirements
for at least 12 months following the consummation of this offering. We may be
required to seek additional sources of capital sooner if:

· operating assumptions change or prove to be inaccurate,

· we consummate any acquisitions of significant businesses or assets, or

· we further accelerate our expansion plans and enter new markets more rapidly.


The market for providing online marketing solutions is rapidly evolving and
highly competitive, and we expect these conditions to persist for the
foreseeable future. Barriers-to-entry for large, established Internet companies
are relatively low, and current and new competitors can launch new sites and new
products at a relatively low cost. We believe the principal barriers to entry
are the following:

· Acquiring a valuable domain name; 

· Building a robust user base and customer base; and

· Financial resources for sales and marketing. 

We currently or potentially could compete with a number of other companies. Our
competitors include the major search engines such as Google, Yahoo!, Bing,
online directories, digital media companies, and advertising sites such as Yelp,
Angie’s List, Craig’s List, social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter,
and Snapchat, as well as online e-commerce sites, trading platforms and
communities. We also compete with various sites that target the Jewish
community, such as www.ou.org and www.chabad.org. However, these sites, tend to
focus on a single concept or aspect of Jewish life – such as dating and
marriage, the Jewish calendar, kosher food, places of worship, etc. We are not
aware that any of the owners and operators of these sites provides online
marketing solutions or has the same focus that we have – to facilitate
commercial interactions between local businesses and the Jewish community.

Many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial
resources, larger user bases and longer operating histories than we do. As a
result, they have a significant competitive advantage over us when it comes to
attracting users and customers. Our ability to compete effectively will
ultimately depend on many factors, some of which may not be entirely within our
control. These factors include usefulness, ease of use, performance and
reliability of our websites; the scope and quality of the products and services
offered on our websites; our ability to establish and maintain relationships
with our customers; our reputation and the strength of our brand; and financial
resources.

We face significant competition for customers. Our competition for spending on
advertising include online and mobile businesses and traditional media outlets
such as television, radio and print. We believe that our ability to compete
effectively for advertiser spending depends upon many factors, including the
size and composition of our user base; our ad targeting capabilities; the timing
and market acceptance of our advertising services; our marketing and selling
efforts; the return our advertisers receive from our advertising services; and
our reputation and the strength of our brand.

As we grow and need to expand our work force, we will also experience
significant competition for highly skilled personnel, including senior
management, engineers, designers and product managers. Our growth strategy
depends in part on our ability to retain our existing personnel and add
additional highly skilled employees. Competition for highly skilled personnel is
intense, particularly in the New York market, where we are located, and we
compete for personnel against online and mobile businesses; other companies in
the technology industry; and traditional media businesses such as television,
radio and print. In addition, our ability to compete effectively for highly
skilled personnel will depend on our ability to foster a work environment that
encourages independence, creativity and innovation; opportunities to work on
challenging, meaningful and important projects; the reputation and strength of
our brand; and compensation.


Company Description
We offer online marketing solutions that enable small, local businesses to
connect with Jewish consumers in their communities. We provide online marketing
solutions, including online advertising and sales promotions, lead generation,
social media networking, website design, development and hosting


 and search
engine optimizations, to small, local businesses. Our solutions are simple,
affordable and comprehensive and provide our customers with greater exposure and
access to Jewish communities in the New York metropolitan area, which includes
the five boroughs of New York City, Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester counties in
New York State and northern New Jersey; Rochester, New York; Boca Raton and
Miami, Florida; Los Angeles, California; and Minneapolis, Minnesota. Through our
solutions, our customers have immediate and direct access to a highly desirable
market segment. For example, in 2011, the number of Jewish households in the
eight county New York area was 694,000 and 1.77 million people lived in these
households, approximately 62.5% of the Jewish population was employed and 30%
reported income in excess of $100,000 per year.

In executing our business plan, we have created several websites that target
Jewish communities in the metropolitan areas in which we operate. These websites
— www.jwiz.com, www.jwizclassifieds.com,www.jewishyellow.com,
www.jewishreferralservice.com and www.jewishmasterguide.com — attract visitors
daily and, thus, are an effective platform for businesses who seek to promote
their products and services directly to the Jewish community regardless of
whether their products and services are specifically intended for that
community. These sites are a destination point for the Jewish community, which,
in turn, attracts additional advertisers.

In addition to our principal executive offices in Kew Gardens, New York, we have
independent sales offices in six other locations — Fairlawn, New Jersey; Miami
and Boca Raton, Florida; Los Angeles, California; Rochester, New York; and
Minneapolis, Minnesota — through which we solicit advertisers from among the
local businesses. Our growth strategy contemplates establishing independent
sales offices in major cities throughout the United States where there is a
significant Jewish population. Longer term, we hope to expand into cities with
large Jewish communities in Canada, Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific as
well.

During the last three years, we have digitalized our operations, successfully
moving from print to online directories. In doing so, we have managed to
efficiently maintain the in-person nature of our service, which we believe to be
a key benefit our customers find attractive and an important component of our
strategy, despite the demands it places on our financial and human resources.
---

JWiz was organized as a New York corporation in June 2016. Jewish Marketing 
Solutions was organized as a New York limited liability company in September
2010. Since its formation, JWiz has not engaged in any business or other 
activities other than those related to this offering, including entering into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Jewish Marketing 
Solutions, pursuant to which Jewish Marketing Solutions will merge with and into
JWiz. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, JWiz will issue an 
aggregate of _____  common shares to the former members of Jewish Marketing 
Solutions; the surviving corporation will be called “JWiz, Inc.”.

Our corporate headquarters is located at 125-10 Queens Boulevard, Kew Gardens,
New York and our telephone number is 718-520-1000. We maintain the following
websites: www.jwiz.com, www.jwizclassifieds.com, www.jewishyellow.com,
www.jewishreferralservice.com and www.jewishmasterguide.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$1,883,695


Net Income
$47,964


Total Assets
$1,430,250






Total Liabilities
$1,867,058


Stockholders' Equity
-$436,808


View all Company Financials for JWIZ


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



JWIZ, INC.
S-1/A
12/2/2016
Filing



JWIZ, INC.
S-1
11/10/2016
Filing



View all SEC Filings for JWIZ




Experts


Auditor
Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP


Company Counsel
Morse Zelnick Rose and Lander, LLP


Lead Underwriter
Joseph Gunnar and Co., L.L.C


Transfer Agent
Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC


Underwriter Counsel
Blank Rome LLP









News for JWIZ









                        JWiz Wants To Raise $12 Million In IPO For Expansion Purposes
                    

11/15/2016 3:04:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Referral website JWiz files for a $12 million IPO
                    

11/10/2016 6:10:59 PM - Renaissance Capital




 Subscribe


                More JWIZ News & Commentary



                Read JWIZ Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















DAB Interior Design Inc - interior design, remodeling, renovations, interior designer, contracting





 - Jewish Directory





























Connecting Businesses To The Jewish Community Since 1989





DAB Interior Design Inc

New York, NY 10036

			Tel: 917-744-5212
										| Fax: 646-476-3714					

https://www.houzz.com/pro/dabinteriordesign

doris@dabinteriordesign.com
 Facebook  
					





How DAB Interior Design Approaches Your Project.
DAB Interior Design, approaches every project on an individual basis with thoughtful attention to the ideas, needs and lifestyle of our clients, while placing the utmost importance in excellence of service. 
We believe good design is not about trends or rules, but creating timeless, inviting, stylish and ultimately comfortable spaces that enhances ones everydaylife!
We specialize in full apartment and home interior renovations, combining apartments, luxury baths,  upscale kitchens, libraries, etc. Plus we manage every aspect of your projects alleviating the difficulties, that clients typically experience, when trying to co-ordinate all phases of design and the construction process, into an enjoyable experience without mistakes and hassles. 
We have an exceptional reputation for our committment to personalized service, high quality products, creative designs, and the finest craftsmanship.
Our services include design, architectural plans, filings, sourcing/ supply, from the curated sources we have dealt with for 30 plus years, and of course bringing the whole project to fruition, just as we planned.
Most importantly, DAB Interior Designs’ foundation for the last 35 years, has been founded on trust, knowledge, integrity, experience, loyalty and our long term relationships with our clients.

Categories:
Interior Design,			 				Architects,			 				Kitchens,			 				Bathrooms,			 				Renovation,			 				Remodeling,			 				Contractors 











Site Directory
Find Local Business
About US
Advertise
In The News
Coupons
Jewish Calander
Sitemap


Jewish Directory
Jewish Guide
Hot Deals
Careers
Reviews


JWiz | Jewish Guide
        
125-10 Queens Blvd., Suite #14,
Kew Gardens, NY 11415


Tel: 718-520-1000
        
Fax: 480-287-8492
        
















            Copyright ÂŠ 2017 JWiz.com





Privacy Policy


Terms of Use












×
Modal title





Close






















  JWIZ:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - JWIZ Inc - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  JWIZ Inc   JWIZ:US   NASDAQ CM    Pending Listing   JWIZ:US is pending listing   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   JWIZ, Inc. offers marketing solutions. The Company provides online advertising and sales promotions, lead generation, social media networking, and search engine optimizations, as well as website design, development, and hosting services to small, local businesses.    Address  125-10 Queens BlvdSuite 14Kew Gardens, NY 11415United States   Phone  1-718-520-1000   Website   www.jwiz.com     Executives Board Members    Yoram Evan  Chairman/Founder    Avi Shefi  President/CEO    Bardha Deda  Chief Financial Officer     Show More         



JWiz | Jewish Directory



























 







          Connecting Businesses To The Jewish Community Since 1989
      





 What are you looking for?



 Where?








 


 


























































































































Featured Listings











































































 

 

























































































































Featured Listings



















































































Progressive Urology Group 
At Progressive Urology, we believe that each docto...


Learn More






Friends Keep Hope Alive Inc.
Private Home Care
"Ministering To The Elderly In T...


Learn More






Physical Therapy Of Harlem

Orthopedic Physical Therapy 
Acute Injuries
...


Learn More






Cataract & Refractive Institute
James E. Croley III, M.D.

Precision Cataract Surg...


Learn More








Ingrid Keperman MD

Medication
Therapy
Dialectical Behavior Therapy (...


Learn More






Minute Man Press 
We hire local people who live in this community an...


Learn More






Milly

Women's Clothing 
Jewelry 
Tuxedos
Shoe...


Learn More






Brooklyn Bariatric Surgery 
The first step to your new life.
We proudly announ...


Learn More




 


What We Do


01

ONLINE ADVERTISING


02

REFERRAL SERVICE


03

MARKETING SOLUTIONS



        The most popular Jewish resource website, Jewish guide and Jewish directory.
        
        Jwiz is widely used by thousands of Jewish families, nationwide and globally.
        
        We have been connecting businesses to the Jewish community since 1989, even before the internet era.
      
Learn More




GET YOUR BUSINESS FOUND
Learn How

Having your business listed at our online Jewish directory
        will give your business or service exposure to the entire Jewish community.
        Advertising with Jwiz.com is simple, affordable, and comprehensive to cover
        all online advertising needs. As a sales incentive, we provide our advertisers
         with added values, such as referral services, a consumer discount club, and more.
          Our internet portals and advertising on  JWiz.com targets all Jewish communities
          nationwide.


Need more details? Contact Us
We are here to assist. Contact us by phone, email or via our social media channels.




Name

Email

Subject

Message


Send









Site Directory
Find Local Business
About US
Advertise
In The News
Coupons
Jewish Calander
Sitemap


Jewish Directory
Jewish Guide
Hot Deals
Careers
Reviews


JWiz | Jewish Guide
        
125-10 Queens Blvd., Suite #14,
Kew Gardens, NY 11415


Tel: 718-520-1000
        
Fax: 480-287-8492
        
















            Copyright © 2017 JWiz.com





Privacy Policy


Terms of Use












×
Modal title





Close























JWIZ Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















jwiz inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Advertising & Marketing
JWIZ, Inc. offers marketing solutions. The Company provides online advertising and sales promotions, lead generation, social media networking, and search engine optimizations, as well as website design, development, and hosting services to small, local businesses.




Corporate Information
Address:

125-10 Queens Blvd
Suite 14
Kew Gardens, NY 11415
United States


Phone:
1-718-520-1000


Fax:
1-480-287-8492


Web url:
www.jwiz.com





Board Members




Chairman/Founder
Company


Yoram Evan
Jwiz Inc








Board Members
Company


Assaf Ran
Manhattan Bridge Capital Inc










Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Yoram Evan


Chairman/Founder




Avi Shefi


President/CEO




Bardha Deda


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































JWIZ JEWELRY INC - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



NEW YORK



Jewelry Stores



Jewelry, Precious Stones And Precious Metals



                            JWIZ JEWELRY INC
                                    



 





















J 


JWIZ JEWELRY INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



417A E 89TH ST NEW YORK, NY 10128
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $71,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Jewelry, Precious Stones And Precious Metals
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jwiz Jewelry Inc has estimated annual revenues of $71,000.00 and also employs an estimated 1 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















JWiz Inc  - Verify.Wiki, the verified encyclopedia






















JWiz Inc 
Follow Verify  
From Verify.Wiki


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



 


 www.jwiz.com


 JWiz Inc


 Type

 Public


 Industry

 Online Marketing Solutions


 Founded

 2010


 Headquarters

 Kew Gardens, New Yor


 Key people

 Yoram Evan (CEO)


 Number of employees

 22 [1]


JWiz Inc offers an online marketing solution that enable small, local businesses to connect with Jewish consumers in their communities. It provides online advertising and sales promotions; online classified listing; lead generation; social media networking; Website design, development, and hosting, online local listings and search engine optimizations.  [2]

JWiz tries to connect small businesses to Jewish consumers in major cities around the globe.They provide a simple, affordable and complete marketing solution for online presence, which combines in-person guidance, self-operated online directories catering to Jewish communities and online-marketing tools. 
The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Kew Gardens, New York.

Contents

1 Services
2 Controversies
3 Top 5 Recent Tweets
4 Top 5 Recent News Headlines
5 Top 5 Lifetime Tweets
6 Top 5 Lifetime News Headlines


Services
 JWiz Inc have created several websites that target Jewish communities in the metropolitan areas in which we operate.
 These websites — www.jwiz.com, www.jwizclassifieds.com,www.jewishyellow.com, www.jewishreferralservice.com and www.jewishmasterguide.com
 They attract visitors daily and, thus, are an effective platform for businesses who seek to promote their products and services directly to the Jewish community regardless of whether their products and services are specifically intended for that community. 
 These sites are a destination point for the Jewish community, which, in turn, attracts additional advertisers.
[3]

Controversies
Top 5 Recent Tweets
DateAuthorCommentJuly 28, 2017breann_paino@ShearerJeanette Miles change nothing, you'll always be my jwizJuly 28, 2017jwiz_11@MrBeastYT @FiveBitGaming @ScareTheater @PopularMMOS @CCAS_YT @sssniperwolf @GamingWithJen Real question is some other youtubers up thereJuly 28, 2017jwiz_11@ItsNexiph Lol forgot I had this https://t.co/UFr9ullnEYJuly 28, 2017Jewish_YPSearching for a #lawyer that handles all types of #immigration cases? View https://t.co/1P3pJmPLVnJuly 28, 2017Jewish_YPInterested in a new #hobby such as #danceclasses ? https://t.co/1P3pJmPLVn


Top 5 Recent News Headlines
Top 5 Lifetime Tweets
Top 5 Lifetime News Headlines
↑  http://www.nasdaq.com/markets/ipos/company/jwiz-inc-1008187-82079 

↑  http://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=408913966 

↑  http://www.nasdaq.com/markets/ipos/company/jwiz-inc-1008187-82079#ixzz4QvY6FON9 





Top Authors Archana SinhaView all authorsVerification history 246 days agoView all verifications 
						Retrieved from "http://verify.wiki/w/index.php?title=JWiz_Inc&oldid=7793"					
 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Create accountLog inCreate page 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Getting startedFREE certificationsBusiness Applications 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information 






 This page was last modified on 24 November 2016, at 12:11.


Privacy policy
About Verify.Wiki
Contact us
Mobile view



 






