










Lemaitre, Philippe - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Philippe  Lemaitre
PHILIPPE LEMAITRE is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Woodhead Industries, Inc., a $200 million NASDAQ company. Before joining
Woodhead in 1999, Mr. Lemaitre held the position of Corporate Vice
President and Chief Technology Officer of AMP, Inc., and was also in
charge of the Computer and Telecom Business Group ($2.5 billion in
sales). Prior to joining AMP, Mr. Lemaitre was employed by TRW, Inc., as
Executive Vice President of TRW and General Manager of the Automotive
Electronics Group ($1 billion in sales). He previously held various
management and research engineering positions with TRW, Inc.,
International Technegroup, Inc., General Electric and Engineering
Systems International. He holds a Master of Civil Engineering degree
from Ecole Speciale des Travaux Publics, Paris, France, and a Master of
Science degree from the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Lemaitre
has been engaged in the development of technology and technology-driven
businesses throughout his career, beginning with the development and
application of structural and mechanical software for the design of
highly sophisticated products in the French nuclear, defense and
aerospace industries. At Structural Dynamics Research Corporation (SDRC)
(acquired by GE) he was involved in General Electric’s ‘factory of the
future’ program. Following the closing of this program, Mr. Lemaitre and
the founder of SDRC started International Technegroup, Inc. (ITI), a $16
million consulting company concentrating in the field of manufacturing
and product design for the automotive and aerospace industries. As co-
founder of ITI, Mr. Lemaitre helped TRW develop a technology and
business strategy for the company’s electronics business, and then
joined them as Vice President, Planning and Development in TRW’s
automotive sector. At TRW, he worked first with the strategy development
staff and then as General Manager of the automotive electronics group to
implement the strategy he had developed. During his tenure as General
Manager, he integrated multiple independent electronic business units
into three divisions and grew the business organically from $120 million
to $500 million in four years. Key elements of this growth were the
successful entry into the Japanese market and the development of many
new high technology products such as the first electronic airbag sensor
system for Chrysler vehicles. Later, as Executive Vice President of TRW
and General Manager of its worldwide $1 billion Automotive Electronics
Group, Mr. Lemaitre applied his vision to significantly improve
performance in Europe and growth worldwide. As Chief Technology Officer
of AMP, Mr. Lemaitre oversaw the strategic direction of engineering,
research and product development for all business units. Prior to the
acquisition of AMP by TYCO, he was also responsible for AMP’s worldwide
$2.5 billion computer, communications and consumer electronics
businesses. Now as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Woodhead Industries, Inc., Mr. Lemaitre is directing the rapid,
worldwide growth of the company’s industrial communications business by
refocusing the company’s more traditional electrical and connector
businesses toward the development and production of software and
hardware connectivity solutions to the global factory automation market.
Related Interviews:PHILLIPE LEMAITRE - WOODHEAD INDUSTRIES INC (WDHD)October 11, 2004Philipe Lemaitre - Woodhead Industries Inc (wdhd)July 07, 2003Philippe  Lemaitre -  Woodhead Industries Inc (wdhd)March 06, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












   Philippe Lemaitre | | ZoomInfo.com



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre - Lake Forest, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre in Lake Forest, IL


Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre

                                                                           Intelius found that Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Lake Forest, IL.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre is in his 60s

Philippe Has Lived In

Lake Forest, IL
New York, NY
Bloomfield Hills, MI

Philippe's Relatives

Cecilia Lemaitre
Phillippe Lemaitre
Claude Lemaitre
Maxime Lemaitre







Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Director of Security Products at Evidian SA



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Philippe? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Philippe, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre
Get a Criminal Check on Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre
Get a Public Record Report on Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre
Get a People Search Report on Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre


Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre has lived as well as Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's phone numbers and email addresses.




Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre Has Lived in 6 States
Illinois Address for Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre


1325 K***** L* 

Lake Forest, IL


Has Lived In

Lake Forest, IL
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre

(847) ***-**** - Lake Forest, IL 
(717) ***-**** - Hummelstown, PA 
(216) ***-**** - Chagrin Falls, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre



Get Email Report




Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's Professional Information
Information regarding Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's professional history.  Find out previous places Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: Evidian SA
               Title: Director of Security Products
Company: Evidian SA
               Title: Security Solutions Director
Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's Experience
Title: Director of Security Products
               Company: Evidian SA
Job Details
               Evidian, a Bull Group company, is the European leader and one of the major worldwide vendors of identity and access management software. Evidian has offices and partners throughout the world. Evidian software helps over 750 organizations in the world improve their agility, enhance security and comply with laws and regulations, while reducing costs.
Title: Security Solutions Director
               Company: Evidian SA
Job Details
               Evidian, a Bull Group company, is the European leader and one of the major worldwide vendors of identity and access management software. Evidian has offices and partners throughout the world. Evidian software helps over 750 organizations in the world improve their agility, enhance security and comply with laws and regulations, while reducing costs.
Additional Professional Information on Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre

 See Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's LinkedIn Profile



Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre


Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Philippe Lemaitre Lemaitre's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Philippe Lemaitre
Username Matches

                  PhilippeLemaitre
                  LemaitrePhilippe
                  Philippe.Lemaitre
                  Lemaitre.Philippe
                  Philippe_Lemaitre
                  Lemaitre_Philippe
                  Philippe-Lemaitre
                  Lemaitre-Philippe
                  PLemaitre
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
P Lemaitre







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: CDs & Vinyl












 





































Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















CDs & Vinyl



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store       Settings














































































CDs & VinylBrowse best sellers, new releases, AutoRip CDs and vinyl records, deals, vinyl records, digital music, used music, and trade-in.











            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Classic Rock






        
            





.












Country






        
            





.












Classical






        
            





.












Rap & Hip-Hop






        
            





.












Rock






        
            





.












Jazz










        
            





.












Metal






        
            





.












R&B






        
            





.












Pop






        
            





.












Blues






        
            





.












Alternative Rock






        
            





.












Soundtracks


















Best sellers




Previous page






One More Light


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



297



$12.96  









Hybrid Theory


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



2,057



$5.99  









Descendants 2













	Various




	
		Audio CD
	



6



$9.38  









Moana













	Soundtrack




	
		Audio CD
	



745



$11.59  









Descendants













	Dove Cameron, Cameron Boyce...




	
		DVD
	



2,071



$26.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.50  










Meteora


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



1,947



$11.99  









Garth Brooks: The Ultimate Hits


Garth Brooks

		Audio CD
	



1,368



$7.89  









The Hunting Party


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



367



$7.99  









Words













	Sara Evans




	
		Audio CD
	



3



$7.99  









God's Problem Child


Willie Nelson

		Audio CD
	



311



$7.92  










Live At Pompeii













	David Gilmour




	
		Audio CD
	

$69.98  









Divide (Deluxe Version)


Ed Sheeran

		Audio CD
	



397



$14.70  










Flower Boy













	Tyler, The Creator




	
		Audio CD
	



5



$11.59  









Defying Gravity (Deluxe Edition)













	Mr Big




	
		Audio CD
	



5



$8.99  










Add Violence EP













	Nine Inch Nails




	
		Audio CD
	

$6.30  









Living Things


Linkin Park

		Audio CD
	



470



$13.99  










Paranormal













	Alice Cooper




	
		Audio CD
	

$15.33  










Is This The Life We Really Want?













	Roger Waters




	
		Audio CD
	



333



$11.40  









Ripcord


Keith Urban

		Audio CD
	



978



$10.82  



Next page













Hot new releases




Previous page






Stony Hill


Damian Marley

		Audio CD
	

$12.99  









Turn Up The Quiet













	Diana Krall




	
		Audio CD
	



188



$11.88  










Lindsey Buckingham Christine McVie


Lindsey Buckingham

		Audio CD
	



155



$11.88  









The Forest Seasons













	Wintersun




	
		Audio CD
	



3



$10.69  










Sacred Hearts Club













	Foster The People




	
		Audio CD
	



3



$10.99  









Heart Break


Lady Antebellum

		Audio CD
	



59



$11.39  









Golden













	Romeo Santos




	
		Audio CD
	

$11.78  









Melodrama


Lorde

		Audio CD
	



83



$11.88  









Everything Now (Day Version)


Arcade Fire

		Audio CD
	

$13.50  









KIDZ BOP 35













	Kidz Bop Kids




	
		Audio CD
	



6



$9.99  









OK COMPUTER OKNOTOK 1997 2017


Radiohead

		Audio CD
	



27



$14.73  









Adiós













	Glen Campbell




	
		Audio CD
	



126



$9.24  









1967 - Sunshine Tomorrow [2 CD]













	The Beach Boys




	
		Audio CD
	



28



$16.59  









Dunkirk: Original Motion Picture...













	Hans Zimmer




	
		Audio CD
	



6



$11.99  









TajMo













	Taj Mahal/Keb' Mo'




	
		Audio CD
	



97



$12.59  









Barefoot in the Head













	Chris Robinson Brotherhood




	
		Audio CD
	



11



$14.08  









Harry Styles


Harry Styles

		Audio CD
	



214



$11.40  









So You Wannabe An Outlaw













	Steve Earle & The Dukes




	
		Audio CD
	



24



$14.07  









Greatest Hits













	Lifehouse




	
		Audio CD
	



2



$11.29  









The Queen Of Hearts


Offa Rex

		Audio CD
	



6



$13.99  



Next page












Featured titles from In This Moment and more




Previous page






Ritual (Explicit)













	In This Moment




	
		Audio CD
	



14



$10.89  









Black Widow













	In This Moment




	
		Audio CD
	



456



$9.45  









Hydrograd (Explicit)


Stone Sour

		Audio CD
	



55



$10.92  










ReAniMate 3.0: The CoVeRs eP


Halestorm

		Audio CD
	



90



$5.99  









Threat To Survival


Shinedown

		Audio CD
	



511



$11.40  









The Serenity Of Suffering (Explicit)


Korn

		Audio CD
	



268



$11.99  



Next page













Most gifted




Previous page






1byone Belt-Drive 3-Speed Stereo...





667



$89.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $49.99  










Back to Black [Vinyl]


Amy Winehouse

		Vinyl
	



1,482



$12.88  









DAMN. [2 LP]


Kendrick Lamar

		Vinyl
	



645



$29.99  










Abbey Road


The Beatles

		Vinyl
	



2,085



$19.88  









Wearhaus Arc Bluetooth Headphones...





103



$199.99  









Rumours


Fleetwood Mac

		Vinyl
	



1,154



$24.42  









Kind Of Blue (Vinyl)


Miles Davis

		Vinyl
	



1,621



$17.70  









Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2...













	Soundtrack




	
		Vinyl
	



359



$27.06  









4:44













	JAY-Z




	
		Audio CD
	



130



$11.90  









The Lumineers


The Lumineers

		Vinyl
	



1,248



$9.40  









1MORE Triple Driver In-Ear Headphones...





1,346



$99.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $94.02  









Baby Driver













	Various




	
		Vinyl
	



31



$34.02  










The Dark Side of the Moon


Pink Floyd

		Vinyl
	



3,371



$29.99  









Lust For Life













	Lana Del Rey




	
		Audio CD
	



26



$11.99  









Born To Die [LP]


Lana Del Rey

		Vinyl
	



1,140



$16.88  









Vessel


Twenty One Pilots

		Vinyl
	



772



$10.83  









For Sale: Live At Maxwell's 1986













	The Replacements




	
		Audio CD
	

$18.09  









Guardians of the Galaxy: Awesome Mix 1













	VARIOUS ARTISTS




	
		Vinyl
	



2,665



$23.04  









Evolve


Imagine Dragons

		Audio CD
	



137



$11.88  









Victrola Vintage 3-Speed Bluetooth...



Innovative Technology




419



$59.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $47.99  



Next page












Most wished for




Previous page







Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band...













	The Beatles




	
		Audio CD
	



630



$117.99  









The Godfather 3-Movie Collection













	James Caan, Robert Duvall...




	
		DVD
	



343



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.90  









Frozen













	Disney Karaoke Series




	
		Audio CD
	



1,060



$7.93  









25


Adele

		Audio CD
	



6,972



$7.55  









Traveller


Chris Stapleton

		Audio CD
	



3,349



$8.97  









TROLLS













	Original Motion Picture Soundtrack




	
		Audio CD
	



521



$11.68  










Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band


The Beatles

		Audio CD
	



630



$19.99  









Purple Rain Deluxe













	Prince




	
		Audio CD
	



156



$27.87  









Dear Evan Hansen


Original Broadway Cast of Dear Evan Hansen

		Audio CD
	



135



$12.81  









From A Room: Volume 1













	Chris Stapleton




	
		Audio CD
	



394



$9.38  









1byone Belt-Drive 3-Speed Portable...





596



$76.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $62.99  









The Nashville Sound













	Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit




	
		Audio CD
	



130



$8.99  









Hidden In My Heart: A Lullaby Journey...













	Scripture Lullabies, Jay Stocker




	
		Audio CD
	



1,268



$12.99  









24K Magic


Bruno Mars

		Audio CD
	



1,004



$11.88  









Hymns That Are Important To Us


Joey + Rory

		Audio CD
	



1,054



$9.38  









Disney Karaoke Series: Moana


Disney Karaoke Series

		Audio CD
	



38



$7.93  










Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band













	The Beatles - STEREO REMASTERED




	
		Vinyl
	



1,959



$21.84  









Lemonade













	Beyoncé




	
		Vinyl
	

$29.98  










All Eyez on Me [Vinyl]


2Pac

		Vinyl
	



888



$15.00  









Sing













	Various Artists




	
		Audio CD
	



190



$11.88  



Next page















BrowseStream MusicAmazon Music UnlimitedPrime MusicFeatured ProgramsAutoRipCD Trade-InNew Releases by FormatCDMP3VinylBrowse by GenreAlternative RockBluesBroadway & VocalistsChildren's MusicChristian MusicClassical MusicClassic RockComedy & Spoken WordCountryDance & ElectronicFolkGospelHoliday & WeddingJazzKaraokeLatin MusicMetalNew AgeOpera & Classical VocalPopR&BRap & Hip-HopReggaeRockSoundtracksSpecial InterestWorld MusicMusic on Amazon DevicesAmazon EchoEcho DotAmazon TapFire TabletConnect with UsFacebookTwitterInstagramVinyl TumblrFeatured ProductsBand T-ShirtsBox SetsCD RaritiesDVD & Blu-rayGift CardsMusic CollectiblesVinyl RecordsMore to ExploreBest SellersMovers & ShakersMost GiftedMost Wished For 
 
 
 
 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates



















 













 











Philippe Lemaitre - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Philippe Lemaitre
Chairman of the Board at Sun Hydraulics Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Philippe Lemaitre? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Philippe Lemaitre's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Philippe Lemaitre's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Philippe Lemaitre's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Philippe Lemaitre through your network of contacts.
												








Philippe Lemaitre's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Sun Hydraulics Corporation


Past
To view Philippe Lemaitre's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 M.S., 
															University of California - Berkeley


Age
67

 
 


Philippe Lemaitre's Biography



Philippe Lemaitre retired in November 2006 as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Woodhead Industries, Inc., a publicly-held automation and electrical products manufacturer, upon its sale to Molex.  Before joining Woodhead in 1999, Mr. Lemaitre was Corporate Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of AMP, Inc. and was also in charge of AMP Computer and Telecom Business Group Worldwide.  Prior to joining AMP, Mr. Lemaitre was an Executive Vice President of TRW, Inc. and also General Manager of TRW Automotive Electronics Group Worldwide.  He previously held various management and research engineering positions with TRW, Inc., ...
(Read More)

			Philippe Lemaitre retired in November 2006 as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Woodhead Industries, Inc., a publicly-held automation and electrical products manufacturer, upon its sale to Molex.  Before joining Woodhead in 1999, Mr. Lemaitre was Corporate Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of AMP, Inc. and was also in charge of AMP Computer and Telecom Business Group Worldwide.  Prior to joining AMP, Mr. Lemaitre was an Executive Vice President of TRW, Inc. and also General Manager of TRW Automotive Electronics Group Worldwide.  He previously held various management and research engineering positions with TRW, Inc., International Technegroup, Inc., General Electric Company and Engineering Systems International.  Mr. Lemaitre also served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Multi-Fineline Electronix, Inc. from March 2011 until the sale of the company in July, 2016.  He holds a Master of Civil Engineering degree from Ecole Sp�ciale des Travaux Publics, Paris, France, and a Master of Science degree from the University of California at Berkeley, California.  Mr. Lemaitre has served as a Director of the Company since June 2007, and as Chairman of the Board since June 2013.  Mr. Lemaitre's more than 32 years' experience in the development of technology and technology-driven businesses, his track record of successfully managing global business functions including sales, engineering, research and manufacturing operations, and his role as Chairman of another public company provide a wealth of experience in key areas of the Company's business and governance.
		
Source: Sun Hydraulics Corporation on 04/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Philippe Lemaitre's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Philippe Lemaitre. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Philippe Lemaitre's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Philippe Lemaitre's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Philippe Lemaitre through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Philippe Lemaitre


















Philippe Lemaitre's Connections (53)





Sign up now to view Philippe Lemaitre's 53 connections »









Ann F. Hackett
Board Member, Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc.









William K. Hall
Chairman of the Board, Real Industry, Inc.









G. Thomas McKane
Former Board Member, A. M. Castle & Co.









Thomas Liguori
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, Advanced Energy









Douglas M. Britt
Board Member, Sun Hydraulics Corporation









Steven Hancox
Former Officer and General Manager, Sun Hydraulics Limited, Sun Hydraulics Corporation









David W. Grzelak
Board Member, Alamo Group









Wolfgang H. Dangel
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Sun Hydraulics Corporation









Tim A. Twitty
Former Officer, Sun Hydraulics Corporation









Christine L. Koski
Former Board Member, Sun Hydraulics Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













lemaitre | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Related: 
				fog chiller high end systems confetti cannons ultratec rcf smoke machine line array nl8 speakon water fog used hazer yamaha r1 exhaust















Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






759
results for lemaitre

Follow lemaitre to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow lemaitre to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following lemaitre in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  lemaitre: 
 









Did you mean: lemaire (2,527 items)?








Items in search results








LeMaitre 2L Neutron Haze Fluid Water Based




					$30.00



				Buy It Now













Le Maitre Ultratec Fx Special Effects LSG MULTIFLOW Box Low Smoke Free Shipping




					$200.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













Le Maitre USA - Neutron XS Hazer with 4L bottle of haze fluid




					$749.99



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













ULTRATEC LeMaitre 2L Lunminus 7 Neutron Fluid CFF 2850




					$68.25



				or Best Offer













The Great Swindle by Pierre Lemaitre (2015, Hardcover)




					$11.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping














Le Maitre USA - ? Air Cannon 4 Way Controller




					$381.54



				or Best Offer













Le Maitre USA -  MVS Hazer- stage, event, church




					$1,406.22



				or Best Offer













ULTRATEC LeMaitre 4L Luminous 7 Neutron Fluid CFF 2855




					$105.00



				or Best Offer






See more like thisULTRATEC LeMaitre 4L Luminous 7 Neutron Fluid CFF 2855










Le Maitre USA - Neutrpon XS Hazer - stage, event, church




					$961.78



				or Best Offer













Le Maitre USA - ?Arctic Snow Machine




					$716.00



				or Best Offer













New listing
		3 Pierre Lemaitre Novels: Alex, Camille & Irene. Exc Condition



$7.99


0 bids

















Blood Wedding, Lemaitre, Pierre




					$1.75



				Buy It Now






See more like thisBlood Wedding, Lemaitre, Pierre















LE MAITRE - SHOW MIST - PROFESSIONAL VARIFLOW FOG MACHINE -  W/FLIGHT CASE




					$449.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













Used LeMaitre Stage Fogger DMX Fog Machine with Remote



$335.00


0 bids

















Le Maitre G-Force 2 With Freezefog Pro




					$3,500.00



				or Best Offer




Free shipping













Lemaitre - Afterglow [New Vinyl] Colored Vinyl, Gold Disc, Ltd Ed




					$14.94

									List price: Previous Price
$15.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLemaitre - Afterglow [New Vinyl] Colored Vinyl, Gold Disc, Ltd Ed















Blood Wedding, Lemaitre, Pierre, Acceptable Book




					$6.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisBlood Wedding, Lemaitre, Pierre, Acceptable Book






Buy 2, get 1 free
















Three Days and a Life, Lemaitre, Pierre 085705662X




					$14.90



				Buy It Now




Free shipping




					Only 1 left!

					1 watching



See more like thisThree Days and a Life, Lemaitre, Pierre 085705662X











Blood Wedding by Pierre Lemaitre (2016, Hardcover)




					$20.94

									List price: Previous Price
$26.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisBlood Wedding by Pierre Lemaitre (2016, Hardcover)










Signed Pierre Lemaitre The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: Irène




					$27.00



				Buy It Now






See more like thisSigned Pierre Lemaitre The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: Irène















LeMaitre G300 Original Remote HANDSET G300 Smoke machine




					$60.00



				or Best Offer













Le Maitre USA - GForce 2 Smoke Machine (Incl. Timer Remote)




					$1,669.34



				or Best Offer













Alex: The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy by Lemaitre, Pierre










1 product rating




					$3.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping









25% off $10+









SPONSORED
Blood Wedding by Pierre Lemaitre (2016, Hardcover)




					$20.94

									List price: Previous Price
$26.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisBlood Wedding by Pierre Lemaitre (2016, Hardcover)








SPONSORED
The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: Alex by Pierre Lemaitre (2014,...




					$13.18

									List price: Previous Price
$14.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisThe Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: Alex by Pierre Lemaitre (2014,...










Alex: The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy by Lemaitre, Pierre





					$4.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisAlex: The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy by Lemaitre, Pierre






20% off 2+









Lemaitre Sporty S1 Corvette Speedster Steel Toe Safety Trainers Work Shoe Sz 38




					$16.19

									Was: Previous Price
$17.99




				Buy It Now




						10% off















FRENCH Language Study for Beginner: How To Speak And Write It , Joseph Lemaitre




					$5.99



				Buy It Now













Crucified under Pontius Pilate by George D. LeMaitre (2003, Paperback)




					$16.39

									List price: Previous Price
$19.95




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisCrucified under Pontius Pilate by George D. LeMaitre (2003, Paperback)










Le Maitre USA - GFource 1 Smoke Machine Basic (Incl Timer Remote)




					$887.11



				or Best Offer













Le Maitre USA - GFource 2 &3 Timer Remote for GFource 2 & 3 Smoke Machine




					$184.88



				or Best Offer
















FREDERIC LEMAITRE PORTRAIT, FRENCH ACTOR AND PLAYWRIGHT, 1887 ANTIQUE ENGRAVING




					$36.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping











DOCTOR TED - BEATY, ANDREA/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW SCHOOL AND LIBRARY BOOK




					$15.10



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisDOCTOR TED - BEATY, ANDREA/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW SCHOOL AND LIBRARY BOOK








PINOCCHIO - MCMULLAN, KATE (RTL)/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOOK




					$12.00



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPINOCCHIO - MCMULLAN, KATE (RTL)/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOOK








ME! ME! MINE! - KATZ, ALAN/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOOK




					$7.47



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisME! ME! MINE! - KATZ, ALAN/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOOK










Le Maitre USA - GFource 1 Smoke Machine DMX (Incl Timer Remote)




					$1,035.55



				or Best Offer













Le Maitre USA - Global Long Lasting Smoke Fluid 4L




					$31.20



				or Best Offer











POPPY OR THE SNAKE? - MORRISON, TONI/ MORRISON, SLADE/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) -




					$12.38



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisPOPPY OR THE SNAKE? - MORRISON, TONI/ MORRISON, SLADE/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) -










SPONSORED
Blood Wedding: By Lemaitre, Pierre




					$24.88



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisBlood Wedding: By Lemaitre, Pierre










SPONSORED
Alex: The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: By Lemaitre, Pierre




					$16.04



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisAlex: The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: By Lemaitre, Pierre








THE LION OR THE MOUSE? - MORRISON, TONI/ MORRISON, SLADE/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT)




					$12.38



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisTHE LION OR THE MOUSE? - MORRISON, TONI/ MORRISON, SLADE/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT)










Le Maitre USA - EcoHazer - stage, event, church




					$1,104.00



				or Best Offer













Le Maitre USA - Mini Mist Smoke Machine - stage, event, church




					$1,026.67



				or Best Offer











A PET NAMED SNEAKER - HEILBRONER, JOAN/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER B




					$8.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisA PET NAMED SNEAKER - HEILBRONER, JOAN/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER B








SQUIRRELS ON SKIS - RAY, J. HAMILTON/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOO




					$8.92



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisSQUIRRELS ON SKIS - RAY, J. HAMILTON/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOO










Le Maitre USA - ? FreezeJet - clubs, theaters, tours and theme parks.




					$1,092.00



				or Best Offer
















VERY NICE ORIGINAL PAINTING BY MAURICE LEMAITRE


		French Gallery Stamp on Frame Backside



					$1,900.00



				or Best Offer
















DO NOT OPEN THIS BOOK - MUNTEAN, MICHAELA/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW SCHOOL A




					$14.48



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisDO NOT OPEN THIS BOOK - MUNTEAN, MICHAELA/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW SCHOOL A










Le Maitre USA - GForce 3 Smoke Machine (Incl. Timer Remote)




					$1,962.66



				or Best Offer













Blood Wedding by Pierre Lemaitre (2016, Hardcover)




					$10.99



				or Best Offer






See more like thisBlood Wedding by Pierre Lemaitre (2016, Hardcover)










Le Maitre Remote Control - Neuttron Pro - Stage Lighting - Effects




					$19.85



				Buy It Now













Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy Vol.1,2,3 by Pierre Lemaitre Hardcover NEW









1 product rating




					$29.99



				Buy It Now




Free shipping











ARTIST TED - BEATY, ANDREA/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOOK




					$14.92



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisARTIST TED - BEATY, ANDREA/ LEMAITRE, PASCAL (ILT) - NEW HARDCOVER BOOK










Signed Eduardo Lemaitre PANAMA Y SU SEPARACION DE COLOMBIA 1980 South America




					$125.00



				Buy It Now











SPONSORED
Camille / Camille: The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: By Lemaitre, Pierre




					$19.97



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisCamille / Camille: The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy: By Lemaitre, Pierre










SPONSORED
Camille : The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy by Pierre Lemaitre (2015,...




					$12.98

									List price: Previous Price
$14.99




				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisCamille : The Commandant Camille Verhoeven Trilogy by Pierre Lemaitre (2015,...













Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3
4
5








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Books
(391)




Textbooks & Educational Books
(119)


Other Books
(83)


Fiction & Literature Books
(74)


Antiquarian & Collectible Books
(49)


Nonfiction Books
(47)




Cookbooks
(10)


Other Children & Young Adults
(4)


Audiobooks
(2)


More




Musical Instruments & Gear
(98)




Atmospheric Stage Effects Fluids
(41)


Atmospheric Stage Effects Machines
(37)


Other Musical Instruments
(19)




Stage Lighting & Effects
(78)


Stage Lighting & Effects Parts & Accessories
(2)


Other Stage Lighting & Effects
(2)


More




Collectibles
(73)




Collectible France Postcards
(20)


Collectible Benelux Countries Postcards
(9)


Collectible Paper Ephemera (Unknown Date)
(8)


Collectible Vintage & Antique Photos (Pre-1940)
(6)




Original WW I Period Items
(2)


Other Collectible Advertising Merchandise & Memorabilia
(2)


Collectible Sports Autographs
(2)


More




Art
(53)




Art Prints from Dealers & Resellers
(47)




Paintings from Dealers & Resellers
(5)


More




Music
(51)




Music CDs
(30)




Vinyl Records
(21)


More





DVDs & Movies
(25)


Antiques
(19)


Home & Garden
(13)


Business & Industrial
(13)


Stamps
(6)


Pottery & Glass
(6)


Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
(3)


Entertainment Memorabilia
(3)


Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(2)


Cameras & Photo
(2)


Toys & Hobbies
(1)


Health & Beauty
(1)


Tickets & Experiences
(1)


Coins & Paper Money
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(447)





Used
(129)





Not Specified
(183)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(759)




Auction
(9)




Buy It Now
(752)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Free In-store pickup





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




		 This page was last updated:  Jul-22 19:49. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.















 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on lemaitre  family
We found ((number)) records for lemaitre  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for lemaitre  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the lemaitre  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the lemaitre family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the lemaitre family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on williams  family
We found ((number)) records for williams  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for williams  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the williams  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the williams family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the williams family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on brown  family
We found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for brown  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the brown  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the brown family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on wilson  family
We found ((number)) records for wilson  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for wilson  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the wilson  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the wilson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the wilson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎









 Last name directory - MyHeritage



go

LOG INInformation on johnson  family
We found ((number)) records for johnson  last name
((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth Records((number)) Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter listsView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Online family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsWe found ((number)) records for johnson  last name
((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family TreesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family treesView all records((number)) Birth and Marriage Records((number)) Census and Voter lists((number)) Family trees((number)) Photos and Scanned imagesView all recordsMore information on the johnson  family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the johnson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. 
Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started









































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.












































Start









By clicking the button above, you agree to the Service Terms and Privacy Policy.


More information on the johnson family is available on MyHeritage
The best way to track and organize your research is by building a family tree. Starting your family tree is quick, easy, and free. Add your basic information to get started. 
Get started



Search for information on a specific person: 














 Search
 Search

Trusted by millions of family researchers since 2003











Search for information on a specific person: 














 SearchTrusted by millions of family researchers since 2003







AboutTermsPolicyHelpHomeAbout usUser storiesService TermsPrivacy PolicyHelpAboutTermsPolicyHelpQuestions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Questions? We're happy to help! +1 877 432 3135 
Monday through Friday, 9am – 7pm EST
Copyright © 2016 MyHeritage Ltd.‎








