




SEC Info - Nationwide Provident Va Separate Account 1 - �N-4� on 2/5/01 - EX-99.B.14










SEC Info uses JavaScript!� To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


����SEC Info������Home������Search������My Interests������Help������Sign In������Please Sign In




Nationwide Provident Va Separate Account 1 � �N-4��on�2/5/01 � EX-99.B.14On:� Monday, 2/5/01, at 4:35pm ET � � � Accession #:� 893220-1-128 � � � File #s:� 333-54990, 811-07708
Previous ‘N-4’:� ‘N-4’ on 2/5/01 � � � Next:� ‘N-4’ on 4/5/01 � � � Latest:� ‘N-4’ on 1/4/10



��in�
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
��Show�
Docs searched
�and�
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help...�Wildcards:� ? (any letter),� * (many).� Logic:� for Docs:� &�(and),� |�(or);� for Text:� |�(anywhere),� "(&)"�(near).� � ↓Bottom
�
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For�On�As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 2/05/01  Nationwide Provident Va Sep Ac..1 N-4                    4:310K                                   Bowne - Bop/FAF-->Registration Statement for a Separate Account (Unit Investment Trust) � � � Form N-4Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-4         Form N-4 - Provident Mutual                           74    428K 
 4: EX-99.B.14  Powers of Attorney                                    11     28K 
 2: EX-99.B.4.A  Form of Va Contract (Va110Ny)                        22    108K 
 3: EX-99.B.5   Form of Application and 1717 Capital Management        7�    27K 

D-->EX-99.B.14 � � � Powers of Attorney
P-->EX-99.B.141st�Page�of�11TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust�1st�
                                                                    Exhibit (14)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Bernard E. Anderson                                                         
-----------------------                                                         
Bernard E. Anderson                                                             

P-->EX-99.B.142nd�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�2nd
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Edward R. Book                                                              
------------------                                                              
Edward R. Book                                                                  

P-->EX-99.B.143rd�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�3rd
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Dorothy M. Brown                                                            
--------------------                                                            
Dorothy M. Brown                                                                

P-->EX-99.B.144th�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�4th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Robert J. Casale                                                            
--------------------                                                            
Robert J. Casale                                                                

P-->EX-99.B.145th�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�5th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Nicholas DeBenedictis                                                       
-------------------------                                                       
Nicholas DeBenedictis                                                           

P-->EX-99.B.146th�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�6th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Philip C. Herr, II                                                          
----------------------                                                          
Philip C. Herr, II                                                              

P-->EX-99.B.147th�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�7th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ J. Richard Jones                                                            
--------------------                                                            
J. Richard Jones                                                                

P-->EX-99.B.148th�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�8th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ John P. Neafsey                                                             
-------------------                                                             
John P. Neafsey                                                                 

P-->EX-99.B.149th�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�9th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Charles L. Orr                                                              
------------------                                                              
Charles L. Orr                                                                  

P-->EX-99.B.1410th�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�10th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Harold A. Sorgenti                                                          
----------------------                                                          
Harold A. Sorgenti                                                              

P-->EX-99.B.14Last�Page�of�11TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�11th
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned constitutes and appoints   
Michael A. Bazany, Jr., James Bernstein, Mark T. Buchinsky, and John P. Duke,   
each an Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary of Provident Mutual   
Life Insurance Company, and each or any of them, his true and lawful attorney   
and agent, with power of substitution and resubstitution, to do any and all acts
and things and to execute any and all instruments which said attorney and agent 
may deem necessary or advisable or which may be required to enable Provident    
Mutual Life Insurance Company ("Provident Mutual") to comply with the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
any rules regulations or requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
in respect thereof, in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the      
Company's registration statements (including amendments and post-effective      
amendments) for its variable life and variable annuity products filed pursuant  
to such Acts, including the power and authority to sign in the name and on      
behalf of the undersigned as a director of Provident Mutual such registration   
statements and any and all amendments and supplements to such registration      
statements filed or to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission     
under said Acts, and any other instruments or documents related thereto, and the
undersigned does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent     
shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.                                  

Date:  February 2, 2001                                                         

/s/ Robert W. Kloss                                                             
-------------------                                                             
Robert W. Kloss                                                                 
R-->Dates Referenced Herein � and � Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On�PageThis��N-4��Filing����Date�First��Last������Other�FilingsFiled on:2/5/01N-42/2/01111�List all Filings�
↑TopFiling Submission 0000893220-01-000128 � – � Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et�al.)
Copyright � 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.� All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Thu, 27 Jul 02:39:15.0 GMT�


      Federal Register
       :: 
      Nationwide Life Insurance Company, et al.,
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Health Insurance Premium Tax Credit


                by the Internal Revenue Service
                on
                07/26/2017




                photo by:
                frankieleon






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          255
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          491
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          657
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      29
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      1
                    

                      Document
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Migratory Bird Hunting


                by the Fish and Wildlife Service
                on
                07/26/2017




                photo by:
                Kevin Squeak






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          914
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1512
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          310
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          933
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      24
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      12
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Arms Sales Notification


                by the Defense Department
                on
                07/26/2017




                photo by:
                U.S. Pacific Fleet






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          252
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          829
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      12
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      2
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Aeronautical Information and Meteorological Data Link Services Plenary


                by the Federal Aviation Administration
                on
                07/26/2017




                photo by:
                NASA Goddard Space Flight Center






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          165
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1346
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          348
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          351
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      35
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      11
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Branded Prescription Drug Fee


                by the Internal Revenue Service
                on
                07/26/2017




                photo by:
                A.






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          49
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          32
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          92
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      60
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      12
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Workforce Information Advisory Council


                by the Employment and Training Administration
                on
                07/26/2017




                photo by:
                DonkeyHotey






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          195
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          883
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      36
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      6
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

22


18



Commerce Department

54


12



Defense Department

19


3



Education Department

11


2



Energy Department

46


4



Environmental Protection Agency

35


33



Health and Human Services Department

67


22



Homeland Security Department

47


10



Housing and Urban Development Department

1


          0
        


Interior Department

25


12



Justice Department

21


2



Labor Department

10


8



State Department

7


4



Transportation Department

69


41



Treasury Department

14


8



Veterans Affairs Department

9


10








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Administrative practice and procedure

11


6



Air pollution control

10


14



Air transportation

16


9



Airspace

12


2



Aviation safety

16


15



Environmental protection

12


15



Intergovernmental relations

8


11



Navigation (air)

13


2



Ozone

7


7



Volatile organic compounds

7


7












            Current Issue

              
                238 Pages
              




124 documents
    from 48 agencies

  



113 Notices


1 Presidential Document


6 Proposed Rules


3 Rules









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 11:15 AM, on Wednesday, July 26, 2017
        


5 documents
            from 3 agencies
          


2 Notices


1 Proposed Rule


2 Rules









Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Wednesday, July 26, 2017
        


125 documents
            from 41 agencies
          


94 Notices


10 Proposed Rules


21 Rules














Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


« PrevJuneNext »SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


« PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13806:
Assessing and Strengthening the Manufacturing and Defense Industrial Base and Supply Chain Resiliency of the United States


EO 13805:
Establishing a Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761




                  2017:
                  42







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



Nationwide Life Insurance Company, et al.,


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 10/29/2010











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

10/29/2010

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          75 FR 66806
        
Page:

          66806-66811
          (6 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Investment Company Act Release No. 29486
File No. 812-13648
Document Number:
2010-27367

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY:
ACTION:
SUMMARY:
DATES: 
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' and Section 17(b) Applicants' Representations
Applicants' Legal Analysis
Conclusions
Footnotes

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2010-27367
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2010-27367






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        October 25, 2010.
        
          AGENCY:
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”).
ACTION:
Notice of application for an order of approval pursuant to Section 26(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Act”), and an order of exemption pursuant to Section 17(b) of the Act from Section 17(a) of the Act.

Applicants: Nationwide Life Insurance Company (“NWL”), Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company (“NLAIC”) (together with NWL, the “Insurance Companies”), Nationwide Variable Account-II (“Account II”), Nationwide Variable Account-6 (“Account 6”), Nationwide Variable Account-7 (“Account 7”), Nationwide Variable Account-8 (“Account 8”), Nationwide Variable Account-9 (“Account 9”), Nationwide Variable Account-10 (“Account 10”), Nationwide Variable Account-14 (“Account 14”), Nationwide VLI Separate Account-2 (“VLI Account 2”), Nationwide VLI Separate Account-4 (“VLI Account 4”), Nationwide VLI Separate Account-7 (“VLI Account 7”), Nationwide Provident VA Separate Account 1 (“Account P-1”), Nationwide Provident VLI Separate Account 1 (“VLI Account P-1”); Nationwide VA Separate Account-B (“Account B”), Nationwide VL Separate Account-G (“Account G”), Nationwide Provident VA Separate Account A (“Account P-A”), and Nationwide Provident VLI Separate Account A (“VLI Account P-A”) (together with Accounts II, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 14, P-1, B, G, and P-A along with VLI Accounts 2, 4, 7, and P-1, the “Separate Accounts”) and Nationwide Variable Insurance Trust. The Insurance Companies and the Separate Accounts are referred to collectively as the “Applicants.” The Applicants, together with Nationwide Variable Insurance Trust are referred to as the “Section 17(b) Applicants.”
SUMMARY:

Summary of Application: Applicants seek an order approving the proposed substitutions (the “Substitutions”) of certain series of Nationwide Variable Insurance Trust (the “Trust” or “NVIT”) for shares of series of other unaffiliated registered investment companies held by the Separate Accounts under certain variable annuity contracts and/or variable life insurance policies issued by the Insurance Companies (collectively, the “Contracts”). Section 17(b) Applicants also seek an order pursuant to Section 17(b) of the Act to permit certain in-kind transactions in connection with the Substitutions.
DATES: 

Filing Date: The application was filed on April 2, 2009, and amended and restated on July 15, 2010 and October 21, 2010.

Hearing or Notification of Hearing: An order granting the application will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Secretary of the Commission and serving Applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests must be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on November 19, 2010, and should be accompanied by proof of service on Applicants in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Hearing requests should state the nature of the requester's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons who wish to be notified of a hearing may request notification by writing to the Secretary of the Commission.
ADDRESSES:
The Commission: Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090; Applicants: c/o Jamie Ruff Casto, Esq., Nationwide Life Insurance Company, One Nationwide Plaza, 1-34-201, Columbus, Ohio 43215.
Start Further Info
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Rebecca A. Marquigny, Senior Counsel, or Joyce M. Pickholz, Branch Chief, Office of Insurance Products, Division of Investment Management, at (202) 551-6795.
End Further Info
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The following is a summary of the application. The complete application may be obtained via the Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or for an applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/​search/​search.htm, or by calling (202) 551-8090.
Applicants' and Section 17(b) Applicants' Representations
1. NWL and NLAIC are stock life insurance companies organized under the laws of the State of Ohio. NLAIC is wholly owned by NWL which is wholly owned by Nationwide Financial Services, Inc. (“NFS”). NWL is the depositor and sponsor of Accounts II, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 14 and P-1 and VLI Accounts 2, 4, 7, and P-1. NLAIC is the depositor and sponsor of B, G, and P-A and VLI Account P-A.
2. All of the Separate Accounts are registered unit investment trusts used to issue one or more Contracts together with their respective Insurance Company. The file numbers for each Separate Account's registration under the Act and each Contract's registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“1933 Act”) are set forth in the Application.
3. NVIT is registered under the Act as an open-end management investment company of the series type, and it securities are registered under the 1933 Act on Form N-1A (File Nos. 811-03213 and 002-73024). Two of these series, the NVIT—American Century NVIT Multi-Cap Value Fund and NVIT—Oppenheimer NVIT Large Cap Growth Fund (each an “NVIT Fund”), are the replacement funds (“New Funds” or “New Portfolios”) in the proposed Substitutions.Start Printed Page 66807

4. Nationwide Fund Advisors (“NFA”) currently serves as investment adviser to each of the NVIT Funds. NFA employs a subadvisory structure as part of its advisory strategy with respect to the NVIT Funds. Through an order from the Commission pursuant to Section 6(c) of the Act, NVIT is exempt from Section 15(a) of the Act and Rule 18f-2 thereunder with respect to subadvisory agreements (the “Manager of Managers Order”).[1] 

5. Applicants represent that the relief granted in the Manager of Managers Order extends to New Funds permitting NFA to enter into and materially amend investment subadvisory agreements without obtaining shareholder approval. Applicants indicate that the prospectuses for the New Funds disclose and explain the existence, substance and effect of the Manager of Managers Order. They also represent that if a new Subadviser is retained for a Fund, Contract owners (“Contractowners”) would receive all information about the new Subadviser that would be included in a proxy statement, including any change in disclosure caused by the addition of a new Subadviser.
6. All of the Contracts involved in the Substitutions (i) permit transfers of contract value among the subaccounts pursuant to the limitations of the particular Contract, and (ii) are subject to market timing policies and procedures that may operate to limit transfers. Applicants represent that to the extent that the Contracts contain restrictions, limitations or transfer fees on a Contractowner's right to transfer, such restrictions, limitations, and transfer fees will not apply in connection with the proposed Substitutions.
7. Each Contract's prospectus contains provisions reserving Insurance Company Applicants' right to substitute shares of one Investment Option for shares of another Investment Option already purchased or to be purchased in the future if: (i) Shares of a current underlying mutual fund are no longer available for investment by the Separate Account; or (ii) in the judgment of Insurance Company Applicants' management, further investment in such Investment Option is inappropriate in view of the purposes of the Contract. Each Insurance Company Applicant's management has determined that further investment in the New Funds is no longer appropriate in view of the purposes of the Contracts.
8. Applicants represent that all of the portfolios involved in the Substitutions are currently available as underlying investment options in the Contracts.
9. Each Insurance Company, on its behalf and on behalf of the Separate Accounts proposes to make certain substitutions of various classes of shares of 6 funds currently available under the Contracts (the “Old Funds” or “Old Portfolios”) for shares of the following classes of the corresponding NVIT New Funds:
No.Old fundOld classNVIT New fundNew class1American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc.—American Century VP Value Fund (“Old Value Fund”)Class INVIT—American Century NVIT Multi Cap Value Fund (“New Multi Cap Value Fund”)Class I2Old Value FundClass IINew Multi Cap Value FundClass II3Fidelity Variable Insurance Products (“VIP”) Fund—VIP Contrafund Portfolio (“Old Contrafund Portfolio”)Initial ClassNVIT—Oppenheimer NVIT Large Cap Growth Fund (“New Large Cap Growth Fund”)Class I4Old Contrafund PortfolioService ClassNew Large Cap Growth FundClass I5Old Contrafund PortfolioService Class 2New Large Cap Growth FundClass II6Fidelity VIP Fund—VIP Growth Opportunities Portfolio (“Old Growth Opps. Fund”)Initial ClassNew Large Cap Growth FundClass I7Old Growth Opps. FundService ClassNew Large Cap Growth FundClass I8Old Growth Opps. FundService Class 2New Large Cap Growth FundClass II9Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds—Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA (“Old Cap Appreciation Fund”)Non-Service SharesNew Large Cap Growth FundClass I10Old Cap Appreciation FundService SharesNew Large Cap Growth FundClass II11T. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc.—T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Portfolio (“Old Blue Chip Fund”)Class IINew Large Cap Growth FundClass I12Old Blue Chip FundClass IINew Large Cap Growth FundClass II13T. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc.—T. Rowe Price Equity Income Portfolio (“Old Equity Income Fund”)Class IINew Multi Cap Value FundClass I14Old Equity Income FundClass IINew Multi Cap Value FundClass II
10. Applicants state that the proposed Substitutions are part of each Insurance Company's overall business plan to make the Contracts more attractive to purchasers and more efficient to administer and oversee.
11. Applicants assert their belief that the Substitutions will: (i) Consolidate investment options resulting in a less confusing menu of investment options for investors, greater efficiency in administration of the Contracts and the capacity to add other types of investment options; (ii) make the investment decision process more manageable for the investor through consistent disclosure format and terminology making it easier for Contractowners to analyze fund information and make informed investment decisions relating to allocation of his or her Contract value; (iii) enable the Insurance Companies to reduce certain costs that they incur in administering the Contracts by removing overlapping investment options; (iv) lower administrative costs for the Insurance Companies which could result in resources being reallocated to providing other contractowner services and support, and an overall more efficient and customer-friendly product offering. (v) enable the Start Printed Page 66808Trust's sub-advised strategy and augment the Insurance Companies' goal of efficiently offering a continuously competitive menu of investment options to its existing and prospective contractowners; (vi) provide investors with a more favorable and less confusing overall investment experience; and (vii) reduce the number and potential for variation of trading policies that contractowners must navigate and understand.
12. Applicants submit that each Substitution provides an alternate investment option that has the same or lower net operating expenses as the Old Fund. The applicable management fees, 12b-1 fees, other expenses, contractual waiver or reimbursement values and total operating expenses for each Old and New Fund are presented in detail in the Application and summarized below:
No.New/Old fundClassAdvisor fees (percent)12b-1 Fees (percent)Other expenses 
               (percent)Waiver/ reimburs't 
               (percent)Total expenses 
               (percent)1Old Value FundClass I0.97N/A0.000.000.97 New Multi Cap Value FundClass I0.57N/A3.102.750.922Old Value FundClass II0.870.250.000.001.12 New Multi Cap Value FundClass II0.570.253.102.831.093Old Contrafund PortfolioInitial0.56N/A0.110.000.67 New Large Cap Growth FundClass I0.50N/A3.513.360.654Old Contrafund PortfolioService0.560.100.110.000.77 New Large Cap Growth FundClass I0.50N/A3.513.360.655Old Contrafund PortfolioClass 20.560.250.110.000.92 New Large Cap Growth FundClass II0.500.253.513.360.906Old Growth Opps. FundInitial0.56N/A0.160.000.72 New: Large Cap Growth FundClass I0.50N/A3.513.360.657Old Growth Opps. FundService0.560.100.160.000.82 New Large Cap Growth FundClass I0.50N/A3.513.360.658Old Growth Opps. FundService 20.560.250.170.000.98 New Large Cap Growth FundClass II0.500.253.513.360.909Old Cap Appreciation FundNon-Service0.66N/A0.120.000.78 New Large Cap Growth FundClass I0.50N/A3.513.360.6510Old Cap Appreciation FundService0.660.250.130.001.04 New Large Cap Growth FundClass II0.500.253.513.360.9011Old Blue Chip FundClass II0.850.250.000.001.10 New Large Cap Growth FundClass I0.50N/A3.513.360.6512Old Blue Chip FundClass II0.850.250.000.001.10 New Large Cap Growth FundClass II0.500.253.513.360.9013Old Equity Income FundClass II0.850.250.000.001.10 New Multi Cap Value FundClass I0.57N/A3.102.750.9214Old Equity Income FundClass II0.850.250.000.001.10 New Multi Cap Value FundClass II0.570.253.102.831.09
The following summarizes the more complete comparison of New and Old Funds provided in the Application.
13. Substitutions #1 & #2: Old Value Fund Verses New Multi Cap Value Fund. Applicants represent that both Old Value Fund and New Multi Cap Value Fund have similar investment objectives and substantially similar policies and risks. Specifically, Applicants state that both “seek long-term capital growth or appreciation, and secondarily income * * * [and] seek to meet their objectives by investing in equity securities, using a value investment strategy that looks for companies that are undervalued or are temporarily out of favor in the market.” Both funds allow for the use of derivatives securities, preferred stock, convertible and foreign securities without limitation. Applicants acknowledge that differences in the funds' risks and investment objectives and strategies exist, but assert the belief that these differences are immaterial and do not introduce Contractowners to materially greater risks than before the Substitution.
14. Substitutions #3-#5: Old Contrafund Portfolio Verses New Large Cap Growth Fund. Applicants represent that both the Old Contrafund Portfolio and the New Large Cap Growth Fund “have similar investment objectives and substantially similar policies and risks. Both funds seek long-term capital growth or appreciation, and both invest at least 80% of their respective net assets in common stocks. Both funds diversify among a variety of industries and sectors.” Applicants acknowledge that differences in the funds' risks and investment objectives and strategies exist, but assert the belief that these differences are immaterial and do not introduce Contractowners to materially greater risks than before the Substitution.
15. Substitutions #6-#8: Old Growth Opps. Fund Verses New Large Cap Growth Fund. Applicants represent that both Old Growth Opps. Fund and New Large Cap Growth Fund have similar investment objectives and substantially similar policies and risks. Both funds seek capital growth, investing primarily in common stocks. Both funds employ a growth style of investing, seeking companies with above-average growth potential or whose earnings are expected to grow consistently faster than those of other companies. Applicants also note that New Large Cap Growth Fund has a diversification policy affirmatively seeking to limit risk which Old Growth Opps. Fund does not share. Applicants assert that both funds have similar investment objectives and substantially similar policies and risks. Applicants state that while the funds' investment objectives are not identical, any distinction between them is immaterial, since both funds are intended for long-term investment and represent that any differences in their investment objectives do not introduce Contract Owners to greater risks than before the Substitution.
16. Substitutions #9 & #10: Old Cap Appreciation Fund Verses New Large Cap Growth Fund. Applicants represent that Old Cap Appreciation Fund and Start Printed Page 66809New Large Cap Growth Fund have similar investment objectives and substantially similar policies and risks, seek capital growth or appreciation by investing in common stocks using a growth style investment strategy, diversify broadly among companies and industries, and invest in a similar percentage of foreign securities. Applicants state that both funds look for companies in businesses that have above-average growth potential, growth rates the portfolio manager believes are sustainable over time, and stocks with reasonable valuations relative to their growth potential. Applicants represent that immaterial differences in risks, investment objectives and strategies exist but do not expose Contractowners to materially greater risks post-Substitution.
17. Substitutions #11 & #12: Old Blue Chip Fund Verses New Large Cap Growth Fund. Applicants believe Old Blue Chip Fund and New Large Cap Growth Fund have similar investment objectives and substantially similar policies and risks. Both funds seek long-term capital growth and invest at least 80% of their net assets in stocks of established companies using a growth style of investing. Applicants believe that the differences in risks, investment objectives and strategies are immaterial, and the risks to Contractowners will not be materially greater after the Substitutions.
18. Substitutions #13 & #14: Old Equity Income Fund Verses New Multi Cap Value Fund. Applicants state their belief that Old Equity Income Fund and New Multi Cap Value Fund have similar investment objectives and substantially similar policies and risks. Both funds seek capital appreciation and dividend income, although seeking current income is a secondary objective of New Multi Cap Value Fund. Applicants represent that both funds invest at least 80% of their respective net assets in common stocks of companies of any size, employing a value style of investing, and allow foreign securities, preferred stocks, convertible securities and derivatives to be used as principal strategies. Applicants assert that immaterial differences in risks and investment objectives and strategies exist, but believe these differences do not introduce Contractowners to materially greater risks after the Substitutions.
19. Substitution Procedure: In-Kind Transactions. Applicants assert that as of the effective date of the Substitutions (“Substitution Date”), a portion of the securities of the Old Funds will be redeemed in-kind and those securities received will be used to purchase shares of the New Funds. Applicants assert that redemption requests and purchase orders will be placed simultaneously so that contract values will remain fully invested at all times. They further represent that all redemptions of shares of the Old Portfolios and purchases of shares of the New Portfolios will be effected will take place at relative net asset value determined on the Substitution Date in accordance with Section 22(c) of the Act and Rule 22c-1 thereunder with no change in the amount of any Contractowner's Contract value, cash value, death benefit, or dollar value of his or her investment in the Separate Accounts.
20. Likewise, Section 17(b) Applicants represent that: (i) The New Fund shares sold in-kind will be of the type and quality that a New Fund could have acquired with the proceeds from the sale of its shares had the shares been sold for cash; and (ii) NFA and the relevant subadviser(s) will analyze the portfolio securities being offered to each relevant New Fund and will retain only those securities that it would have acquired for each such fund in a cash transaction.
Whether NFA or relevant Subadviser of a New Fund accepts or declines to accept a particular portfolio security in-kind, Applicants represent that each Substitution will be effected by redeeming shares of the Existing Fund in cash and/or in-kind on the Substitution Date and using the proceeds of those redemptions to purchase shares of the New Fund at their net asset value on the same date.
21. Substitution Costs and Fund Expenses. Applicants state that the Insurance Companies have agreed to bear all expenses incurred in connection with the Substitutions and related filings and notices, including legal, accounting, brokerage, and other fees and expenses. In addition, Applicants assert that Contractowners will have the same or lower net operating expenses after the Substitutions as prior to the Substitutions.
22. With respect to those who are Contractowners on the Substitution Date, Applicants specifically represent the following: On the last business day of each fiscal period (not to exceed a fiscal quarter) during the twenty-four (24) months following the Substitution Date, the Insurance Companies will reimburse those Contractowners with Contract value allocated to a subaccount corresponding to an New Fund to the extent that, for that period, the New Fund's net operating expenses (taking into account fee waivers and expense reimbursements) and subaccount expenses (asset based fees and charges deducted on a daily basis from sub-account assets and reflected in the calculation of sub-account unit values) exceed, on an annualized basis, the sum of the Old Fund's net operating expenses (taking into account fee waivers and expense reimbursements) and subaccount expenses (asset based fees and charges deducted on a daily basis from sub-account assets and reflected in the calculation of sub-account unit values) for fiscal year 2009.
23. Contract Charges and Benefits. Applicants represent that the Insurance Companies will not increase the Contract fees and charges that would otherwise be assessed under the terms of the Contracts for a period of at least two (2) years following the Substitution Date. To the extent the Contracts contain restrictions, limitations or fees for transfers, Applicants represent such provisions will not apply in connection with the proposed Substitutions, and each Substitution redemption and purchase will not be treated as a transfer for purposes of assessing transfer charges or computing the number of permissible transfers under the Contracts. Applicants state that Contractowners will not incur any fees or charges as a result of the proposed Substitutions, nor will their rights or insurance benefits or the Insurance Companies' obligations under the Contracts be altered in any way. Applicants also affirm that the Substitutions will not result in adverse tax consequences to Contractowners and will not alter any tax benefits associated with the Contracts.
24. Manager of Managers Order. Applicants further represent that, after the Substitution Date, the New Funds will not change a Subadviser, add a new Subadviser, or otherwise rely on the Manager of Managers Order without first obtaining shareholder approval of the change in Subadviser, the new Subadviser, or the Fund's ability add or to replace a subadviser in reliance on Manager of Managers Order. In addition, before the Substitutions, Applicants state that each Contractowner will have been provided with a New Portfolio prospectus describing the existence, substance and effect of the Manager of Managers Order.
25. Notice Procedures. Applicants represent that prospectus supplements for the Contracts will be delivered to Contractowners at least thirty (30) days before the Substitution Date. Applicants state that the supplement (“Pre-Substitution Notice”) will: (i) Notify all Contractowners of the Insurance Company's intent to implement the Substitutions, that this Amended Application has been filed to obtain the Start Printed Page 66810necessary orders to do so, and indicate the anticipated Substitution Date; (ii) advise Contractowners that from the date of the supplement until the Substitution Date, Contractowners are permitted to transfer Contract value out of any Old Fund sub-account to any other sub-account(s) offered under the Contract without the transfer being treated as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and fees otherwise applicable under the terms of the Contract; (iii) instruct Contractowners how to submit transfer requests in light of the proposed Substitutions; (iv) advise Contractowners that any Contract value remaining in an Old Fund sub-account on the Substitution Date will be transferred to the corresponding New Fund sub-account, and that the Substitutions will take place at relative net asset value without charge (including sales charges or surrender charges) and without counting toward the number of transfers that may be permitted without charge; (v) inform Contractowners that for at least thirty (30) days following the Substitution Date, the Insurance Companies will permit Contractowners to make transfers of Contract value out of each New Fund sub-account to any other sub-account(s) offered under the Contract without the transfer being treated as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and fees that would otherwise apply under the terms of the Contract; and (vi) inform Contractowners that, except as described in the market timing provision of the relevant prospectus, the respective Insurance Company will not exercise any rights reserved by it under the Contracts to impose additional restrictions on transfers out of a New Fund for at least thirty (30) days after the Substitution Date.
26. Applicants also represent that: (i) Prior to the Substitutions; all existing Contractowners will have received the appropriate prospectus supplements containing this disclosure and the most recent prospectus and/or supplement for the New Portfolios (ii) new purchasers will be provided the prospectus supplement, contract prospectus, and the prospectus and/or supplement for the New Funds in accordance with all applicable legal requirements; and (iii) prospective Contract purchasers will be provided the prospectus supplement and the Contract prospectus. Applicants also represent that, within five (5) business days after the Substitution Date, Contractowners will be sent a written confirmation of the Substitutions which will restate the information set forth in the Pre-Substitution Notice.
Applicants' Legal Analysis
1. Applicants request that the Commission issue an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the Act approving the Substitutions.
2. Section 26(c) of the Act makes it unlawful for any depositor or trustee of a registered unit investment trust holding the security of a single issuer to substitute another security for such security unless the Commission approves the substitution. The Commission shall approve such a substitution if the evidence establishes that it is consistent with the protection of investors and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act.
3. Applicants state that the right to make such a substitution has been reserved under the Contracts and is disclosed in the prospectus for the related Contracts. Applicants declare that, in all material respects, each New Fund and its corresponding Old Fund have similar, substantially similar, or identical investment objectives and strategies, and that each proposed Substitutions retains for Contractowners the investment flexibility and expertise in asset management features of the Contracts. They assert that after the Substitution Date, Contractowners invested in a New Fund will have the same or lower net operating expense ratio(s) as before the Substitution. Further, Applicants have agreed to certain expense limits to ensure affected Contractowners do not incur higher expenses as a result of a Substitution for a period of twenty four (24) months after the Substitution.
4. Applicants submit that the proposed Substitutions meet the standards set forth in Section 26(c) and assert that replacement of the Old Portfolios with the New Portfolios is consistent with the protection of Contractowners and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the Act. Specifically, they argue that the Substitutions will not result in the type of costly forced redemption that Section 26(c) was designed to prevent. Rather, Applicants conclude that “[a]ny impact on the investment programs of affected Contractowners should be negligible,” and affirm the Substitutions will have no impact on other aspects of the Contracts including the annuity, life, or tax benefits they afford affected Contractowners.
5. Section 17(b) Applicants request that the Commission issue an order pursuant to Section 17(b) of the 1940 Act exempting them from the provisions of Section 17(a) of the 1940 Act to the extent necessary to permit them to carry out the in-kind Substitution transactions (“In-Kind Transactions”).
6. Section 17(a)(1) of the Act, in relevant part, prohibits any affiliated person of a registered investment company, or any affiliated person of such person, acting as principal, from knowingly selling any security or other property to that company. Section 17(a)(2) of the Act generally prohibits the persons described above, acting as principal, from knowingly purchasing any security or other property from the registered company. Pursuant to Section 17(a)(1) of the Act, the Section 17(b) Applicants may be considered affiliates of one or more of the portfolios involved in the Substitutions. Because the Substitutions may be effected, in whole or in part, by means of in-kind redemptions and subsequent purchases of shares and by means of In-Kind Transactions, the Substitutions may be deemed to involve one or more purchases or sales of securities or property between affiliates.
7. Section 17(b) of the Act provides that the Commission may, upon application, grant an order exempting any transaction from the prohibitions of Section 17(a) if the evidence establishes that: the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid or received, are reasonable and fair and do not involve overreaching on the part of any person concerned; the proposed transaction is consistent with the policy of each registered investment company concerned, as recited in its registration statement and records filed under the Act; and the proposed transaction is consistent with the general purposes of the Act.
8. Based on the facts presented above, Section 17(b) Applicants submit that the terms of the In-Kind Transactions, including the consideration to be paid and received, are reasonable, fair, and do not involve overreaching because: (i) The Contractowners' Contract values will not be adversely impacted or diluted; and (ii) Section 17(b) Applicants agree to carry out the In-Kind Transactions in conformity with all of the conditions of Rule 17a-7 and the procedures adopted thereunder, except that the consideration paid for the securities being purchased or sold may not be entirely cash. Thus, Section 17(b) Applicants conclude that the purposes intended by implementation of the rule are met by the terms of the In-Kind Transactions.
9. In support of this position Section 17(b) Applicants assert that the proposed In-Kind Transactions will be effected based upon the independent current market price of the portfolio Start Printed Page 66811securities as specified in Rule 17a-7(b) and will include only securities for which market quotations are readily available on the Substitution Date. In accordance with Rule 17a-7(c), Section 17(b) Applicants assert that the proposed In-Kind Transactions will be consistent with the policy of each registered investment company and separate series thereof participating in the In-Kind Transactions, as recited in the relevant registered investment company's registration statement and reports. As specified in Rule 17a-7(d), the Application states that no brokerage commission, fee (except for any customary transfer fees), or other remuneration will be paid in connection with the proposed In-Kind Transactions. Likewise, Section 17(b) Applicants represent that Trust's Board of Trustees has adopted and implemented the fund governance and oversight procedures as required by Rule 17a-7(e) and (f). The Application also states, “pursuant to Rule 17a-7(e)(3), during the calendar quarter following the quarter in which any In-Kind Transactions occur, the Trust's Board of Trustees will review reports submitted by NFA in respect of such In-Kind Transactions in order to determine that all such In-Kind Transactions made during the preceding quarter were effected in accordance with the representations stated herein.” Finally, Applicants represent that a written record of the procedures for the proposed In-Kind Transactions will be maintained and preserved in accordance with Rule 17a-7(g).
Conclusions
Section 26 Applicants submit that for the reasons summarized above the proposed Substitutions meet the standards of Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act and request that the Commission issue an order of approval pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act. Section 17 Applicants submit that the proposed In-Kind Transactions meet the standards of Section 17(b) of the 1940 Act and request that the Commission issue an order of exemption pursuant to Section 17(b) of the 1940 Act.
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management pursuant to delegated authority.
Florence E. Harmon,
Deputy Secretary.
End Signature
End Supplemental Information
Footnotes
1.
     In the Matter of Nationwide Investing Foundation, et al., 1940 Act Rel. No. 23133 (April 28, 1998) (Order), File No. 812-10764.

        Back to Citation
      

[FR Doc. 2010-27367 Filed 10-28-10; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8011-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  















 NATIONWIDE PROVIDENT VLI SEPARATE ACCOUNT 1 (Form: 497, Received: 11/12/2010 08:34:47) 




















	Nationwide Life Insurance Company




	·


	 


	Nationwide Provident VLI Separate Account 1






	Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company




	·


	 


	Nationwide Provident VLI Separate Account A







	 



	Prospectus supplement dated November 8, 2010 to




	NLIC Special Product, NLIC Survivor Options Plus, and NLAIC Survivor Options VL prospectus dated May 1, 2000; and




	NLAIC Options VL prospectus dated May 1, 2002








	This supplement updates certain information contained in your prospectus.  Please read it and keep it with your prospectus for future reference.




	 







	1.  






	The Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) issued a public notice of Nationwide’s application for an Order permitting the substitution of shares of sub-accounts corresponding to the underlying mutual funds in Column A (“Existing Funds”) below with shares of sub-accounts corresponding to the underlying mutual funds in Column B (“Replacement Funds”) below.







	 









	Column A




	Existing Funds






	Column B




	Replacement Funds








	American Century Variable Portfolios, Inc. – American Century VP Value Fund: Class I






	NVIT – American Century NVIT Multi Cap Value Fund: Class I








	Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fund – VIP Contrafund Portfolio: Initial Class






	NVIT – Oppenheimer NVIT Large Cap Growth Fund: Class I








	Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds – Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA: Non-Service Shares






	NVIT – Oppenheimer NVIT Large Cap Growth Fund: Class I








	 



	Nationwide anticipates that the SEC will issue the Order in late November, 2010.  The Exchange Date established for the substitution will be December 10, 2010.



	 




	Prior to the Exchange Date.  

	From the current date until the Exchange Date, investors with allocations in the Existing Funds may transfer allocations to any other available investment option in accordance with the contract or policy.  During this period, any transfers from an Existing Fund will

	not

	be treated as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and short-term trading fees that would otherwise be applicable under the terms of the contract or policy.



	 




	On the Exchange Date.  

	At the close of business on the Exchange Date, any allocations that remain in the Existing Funds will be redeemed.  Those redemptions will then be used to purchase accumulation units/annuity units in the corresponding Replacement Funds.  All contract owners and policyholders affected by the substitution will receive a written confirmation of the transaction.  The redemption/repurchase to effectuate the substitution will not be treated as a transfer for the purposes of daily transfer limitations.



	 




	After the Exchange Date.  

	Effective immediately following the Exchange Date, the Existing Funds will no longer be available as investment options in the contract or policy.  Additionally, from the Exchange Date through January 10, 2011, contract owners and policyholders may reallocate amounts that were substituted into the Replacement Funds to any other available investment option without the transfer being treated as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and short-term trading fees that would otherwise be applicable under the terms of the contract or policy.



	 








	2.







	For contracts issued through Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company only: Please disregard any previous indication that Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company is relying on the exemption provided in Rule 12h-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for periodic reporting.







	 









 Nationwide VL Separate Account-G (Form: 485BPOS, Received: 08/01/2014 09:36:24) 













	UNITED STATES


	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

	WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549


	FORM N-6





	REGISTRATION
	STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933


	File No.

	333-149213









	Pre-Effective
	Amendment No.


	□




	Post-Effective
	Amendment No. 14


	☑





	and/or





	REGISTRATION
	STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940


	File No.

	811-21697









	Amendment
	No. 90


	☑





	(Check appropriate box or boxes.)


	Nationwide VL Separate Account - G



	(Exact Name of Registrant)


	Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company



	(Name of Depositor)


	One Nationwide Plaza, Columbus, Ohio 43215



	(Address of Depositor's Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)


	(614) 249-7111



	Depositor's Telephone Number, including Area Code


	Robert W. Horner III, Vice President Corporate Governance and
	Secretary,

	One Nationwide Plaza, Columbus, Ohio 43215



	(Name and Address of Agent for Service)


	August 1, 2014



	Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering


	It is proposed that this filing will become effective (check
	appropriate box)





	□


	immediately upon filing
	pursuant to paragraph (b)




	☑


	on August 1, 2014
	pursuant to paragraph (b)




	□


	60 days after filing
	pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)




	□


	on (date)
	pursuant to paragraph (a)(1)





	If
	appropriate, check the following box:





	□


	this post-effective
	amendment designates a new effective date for a previously filed post-effective amendment.


















	Prospectus supplement dated August 1, 2014


	to the following prospectus(es):


	Nationwide YourLife® Protection VUL – New York,
	Waddell & Reed Protection VUL – New York, Nationwide YourLife® Accumulation VUL – New York, Waddell & Reed Accumulation VUL – New York, and Nationwide YourLife® Survivorship VUL – New York, Nationwide
	Marathon® Performance VUL, Nationwide YourLife® Accumulation VUL, Waddell & Reed Accumulation VUL, Nationwide YourLife® Protection VUL, Waddell & Reed Protection VUL, and Nationwide YourLife® Survivorship VUL prospectus
	dated May 1, 2014





	This
	supplement updates certain information contained in your prospectus. Please read it and keep it with your prospectus for future reference.





	Effective August 1, 2014, the following change is being made to
	the prospectuses listed above and they are hereby amended as follows:


	For policies with a Policy Date on or after August 1, 2014,
	the minimum guaranteed interest for the fixed investment options is 2%.




	PROS-0271













	Prospectus supplement dated August 1, 2014


	to the following prospectus(es):


	Nationwide YourLife® Protection VUL – New York,
	Waddell & Reed Protection VUL – New York, Nationwide YourLife® Accumulation VUL – New York, Waddell & Reed Accumulation VUL – New York, and Nationwide YourLife® Survivorship VUL – New York, Nationwide
	Marathon® Performance VUL, Nationwide YourLife® Accumulation VUL, Waddell & Reed Accumulation VUL, Nationwide YourLife® Protection VUL, Waddell & Reed Protection VUL, and Nationwide YourLife® Survivorship VUL prospectus
	dated May 1, 2014





	This
	supplement updates certain information contained in your prospectus. Please read it and keep it with your prospectus for future reference.





	1. Effective on or about October 13, 2014, the following change
	is being made to the prospectuses listed above and they are hereby amended as follows:


	Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this prospectus,
	the Policy Owner may elect to have monthly deductions deducted from a single Sub-Account or the Fixed Account rather than proportionally. If the selected investment option's value is not sufficient for the full monthly deduction, any portion of the
	monthly deduction that is not covered will be deducted proportionally from the Sub-Accounts and/or Fixed Account. The Long-Term Fixed Account and amounts allocated to Enhanced Dollar Cost Averaging programs are not available for directing monthly
	deductions.


	2. The

	Legal Proceedings

	section of your prospectus is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:


	Legal Proceedings


	Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company


	Nationwide Financial Services, Inc. (NFS, or collectively with
	its subsidiaries, "the Company") was formed in November 1996. NFS is the holding company for Nationwide Life Insurance Company (NLIC), Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company (NLAIC) and other companies that comprise the life insurance and
	retirement savings operations of the Nationwide group of companies (Nationwide). This group includes Nationwide Financial Network (NFN), an affiliated distribution network that markets directly to its customer base. NFS is incorporated in Delaware
	and maintains its principal executive offices in Columbus, Ohio.


	The Company is subject to legal and regulatory proceedings in
	the ordinary course of its business. The Company's legal and regulatory matters include proceedings specific to the Company and other proceedings generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which the Company operates. These
	matters are subject to many uncertainties, and given their complexity and scope, their outcomes cannot be predicted. Regulatory proceedings could also affect the outcome of one or more of the Company's litigation matters. Furthermore, it is often
	not possible to determine the ultimate outcomes of the pending regulatory investigations and legal proceedings or to provide reasonable ranges of potential losses with any degree of certainty. Some matters, including certain of those referred to
	below, are in very preliminary stages, and the Company does not have sufficient information to make an assessment of the plaintiffs' claims for liability or damages. In some of the cases seeking to be certified as class actions, the court has not
	yet decided whether a class will be certified or (in the event of certification) the size of the class and class period. In many of the cases, the plaintiffs are seeking undefined amounts of damages or other relief, including punitive damages and
	equitable remedies, which are difficult to quantify and cannot be defined based on the information currently available. The Company believes, however, that based on currently known information, the ultimate outcome of all pending legal and
	regulatory matters is not likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company's condensed consolidated financial position. Nonetheless, given the large or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability
	of litigation, it is possible that such outcomes could materially affect the Company's condensed consolidated financial position or results of operations in a particular quarter or annual period.


	The various businesses conducted by the Company are subject to
	oversight by numerous federal and state regulatory entities, including but not limited to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the Department of Labor, the Internal Revenue Service, and state insurance
	authorities. Such regulatory entities may, in the normal course, be engaged in general or targeted inquiries, examinations and investigations of the Company and/or its




	PROS-0272













	affiliates. The financial services industry has been the subject of
	increasing scrutiny in connection with a broad spectrum of regulatory issues; with respect to all such scrutiny directed at the Company and/or its affiliates, the Company is cooperating with regulators. The Company will cooperate with Nationwide
	Mutual Insurance Company (NMIC) insofar as any inquiry, examination or investigation encompasses NMIC's operations.


	On August 15, 2001, NFS and NLIC were named in a lawsuit filed
	in the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut entitled

	Lou Haddock, as trustee of the Flyte Tool & Die, Incorporated Deferred Compensation Plan, et al v. Nationwide Financial Services, Inc.
	and Nationwide Life Insurance Company

	. On November 18, 2009, the plaintiffs filed a sixth amended complaint amending the list of named plaintiffs and claiming to represent a class of qualified retirement plan trustees under the Employee
	Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) that purchased variable annuities from NLIC. The plaintiffs allege that they invested ERISA plan assets in their variable annuity contracts and that NLIC and NFS breached ERISA fiduciary duties by
	allegedly accepting service payments from certain mutual funds. The complaint seeks disgorgement of some or all of the payments allegedly received by NFS and NLIC, other unspecified relief for restitution, declaratory and injunctive relief, and
	attorneys' fees. On November 6, 2009, the Court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. On October 21, 2010, the District Court dismissed NFS from the lawsuit. On February 6, 2012, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals vacated the
	November 6, 2009 order granting class certification and remanded the case back to the District Court for further consideration. On September 6, 2013, the District Court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. NLIC filed a motion for
	summary judgment on March 17, 2014. Oral argument on the motion for summary judgment is scheduled for July 11, 2014. The case is set for trial beginning February 9, 2015. NLIC continues to defend this lawsuit vigorously.


	On November 20, 2007, Nationwide Retirement Solutions, Inc.
	(NRS) and NLIC were named in a lawsuit filed in the Circuit Court of Jefferson County, Alabama entitled

	Ruth A. Gwin and Sandra H. Turner, and a class of similarly situated individuals v. Nationwide Life Insurance
	Company, Nationwide Retirement Solutions, Inc., Alabama State Employees Association, PEBCO, Inc. and Fictitious Defendants A to Z

	. On March 12, 2010, NRS and NLIC were named in a Second Amended Class Action Complaint filed in the Circuit
	Court of Jefferson County, Alabama entitled

	Steven E. Coker, Sandra H. Turner, David N. Lichtenstein and a class of similarly situated individuals v. Nationwide Life Insurance Company, Nationwide Retirement
	Solutions, Inc., Alabama State Employees Association, Inc., PEBCO, Inc. and Fictitious Defendants A to Z

	claiming to represent a class of all participants in the Alabama State Employees Association, Inc. (ASEA) Plan, excluding members of the
	Deferred Compensation Committee, ASEA's directors, officers and board members, and PEBCO's directors, officers and board members. On October 22, 2010, the parties to this action executed a court approved stipulation of settlement that agreed to
	certify a class for settlement purposes only, that provided for payments to the settlement class, and that provided for releases, certain bar orders, and dismissal of the case. The settlement fund has been paid out. On December 6, 2011, the Court
	entered an Order that NRS owed indemnification to ASEA and PEBCO for only the Coker (Gwin) class action, and dismissed NLIC. The Company resolved the indemnification claims of ASEA. On February 15, 2013, the Court issued its Order determining the
	amount of fees due to PEBCO on its indemnification claim. On March 28, 2014, the Alabama Supreme Court reversed the trial Court decision awarding PEBCO its attorney fees and remanded the case back to the trial court to enter a judgment in favor of
	NRS. PEBCOs counsel has asked the court to reconsider its decision. NRS continues to defend this case vigorously.


	Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. (Debtors) and Giddens, James v
	NLIC and NMIC, et al.



	In 2012 the Plaintiff, Debtor in Possession Lehman Brothers Special Financing, Inc., filed a class action in the United States Bankruptcy
	Court for the Southern District of New York seeking the recovery of certain assets from approximately 200 defendants, including NLIC and NMIC (the "Distributed Action"). The claims against NLIC and NMIC arise from the bankruptcy filings in 2008 of
	the Plaintiff and its parent company, Lehman Brothers Holding, Inc., which triggered the early termination of two collateralized debt obligation transactions, resulting in payments to NLIC and NMIC. The Plaintiff seeks to have certain sums returned
	to the bankruptcy estate in addition to prejudgment interest and costs. The case is currently stayed. In 2013, Plaintiff sent correspondence to all defendants inviting settlement discussions and has served NMIC and NLIC with a "SPV Derivatives ADR
	Notice," formally starting the Alternative Dispute Resolution process. NMIC and NLIC have responded, and are currently taking part in the ADR process. On January 10, 2014, Lehman filed a final motion to extend the stay, which continues to be in
	effect. On May 14, 2014, the court held a hearing on a scheduling order governing the Distributed Action. The parties are continuing to negotiate the proposed scheduling order prior to submission to the court. On July 17, 2014, the parties reached a
	settlement of this matter. The settlement paperwork is currently being prepared.







	PROS-0272













	Incorporation by Reference


	The prospectus and statement of additional information and
	Part C that were effective May 1, 2014, previously filed with the Commission under SEC file No. 333-149213, are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of this registration statement.

















	SIGNATURES


	As required by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Investment
	Company Act of 1940, the Registrant certifies that it meets the requirements of Rule 485(b) under the Securities Act of 1933 for effectiveness of the Registration Statement and has caused this Registration Statement to be signed by the undersigned,
	duly authorized, in the City of Columbus, and State of Ohio, on August 1, 2014.





	Nationwide
	VL Separate Account - G




	(Registrant)




	Nationwide
	Life and Annuity Insurance Company




	(Depositor)




	By:
	/s/ JAMIE RUFF CASTO




	Jamie
	Ruff Casto

	Attorney-in-Fact





	As
	required by the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated, on August 1, 2014.





	KIRT
	A. WALKER


	 




	Kirt
	A. Walker, President and Chief Operating Officer, and Director


	 






	MARK
	R. THRESHER


	 




	Mark
	R. Thresher, Executive Vice President and Director


	 




	TIMOTHY
	G. FROMMEYER


	 




	Timothy
	G. Frommeyer, Senior Vice President-Chief Financial Officer and Director


	 




	ERIC
	S. HENDERSON


	 




	Eric
	S. Henderson, Senior Vice President - Individual Products & Solutions and Director


	 




	JOHN
	L. CARTER


	 




	John
	L. Carter, Senior Vice President – Nationwide Retirement Plans and Director


	 




	STEPHEN
	S. RASMUSSEN


	 




	Stephen
	S. Rasmussen, Director


	 




	 


	By
	/s/ JAMIE RUFF CASTO




	 


	Jamie
	Ruff Casto

	Attorney-in-Fact























	Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


	The Board of Directors and Shareholder

	Nationwide Life
	and Annuity Insurance Company:


	We consent to the
	incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement on Form N-6 our reports on Nationwide VL Separate Account - G and Nationwide Life and Annuity Insurance Company and subsidiary (the Company), dated March 13, 2014 and March 19, 2014,
	respectively, which appear in the Registration Statement on Form N-6 (File No. 333-149213). We also consent to the reference to our firm under the heading "Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in the Registration Statement on Form N-6
	(File No. 333-149213), incorporated by reference into this Registration Statement.


	/s/ KPMG LLP


	Columbus, Ohio

	July 28, 2014



















	POWER OF ATTORNEY


	Each of the undersigned as directors and/or officers of
	NATIONWIDE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY and NATIONWIDE LIFE AND ANNUITY INSURANCE COMPANY, both Ohio corporations, which have filed or will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission under the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as
	amended; the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; and, if applicable, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, various registration statements and amendments thereto for the registration of current, as well as any future, separate accounts
	established by said corporations for the purpose of registering under said Act(s) immediate or deferred variable annuity contracts, fixed interest rate options subject to a market value adjustment, group flexible fund retirement annuity contracts
	and variable life insurance policies in connection with the separate accounts and contracts listed below:





	Variable
	Annuities and Variable Life Insurance Policies






	Separate
	Account (1940 Act File No.)


	 


	1933
	Act File Nos.




	MFS
	Variable Account (811-2662)


	 


	002-73432




	Multi-Flex
	Variable Account (811-3338)


	 


	033-23905,
	002-75174




	Nationwide
	Variable Account (811-2716)


	 


	002-58043,
	333-80481, 033-60239, 333-176908




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-II (811-3330)


	 


	002-75059,
	033-67636, 033-60063, 333-103093, 333-103094, 333-103095, 333-104513, 333-104511, 333-104512, 333-104510, 333-151990, 333-105992, 333-147273, 333-140621, 333-144053, 333-147198, 333-160635, 333-164886, 333-168818, 333-177934, 333-177581,
	333-177582, 333-177316, 333-177319, 333-177439, 333-177441, 333-177729, 333-177731, 333-173349, 333-177938, 333-182494




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-3 (811-5405)


	 


	033-18422,
	033-24434




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-4 (811-5701)


	 


	033-25734,
	033-26454, 333-62692, 333-135650, 333-140812




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-5 (811-8142)


	 


	033-71440




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-6 (811-8684)


	 


	033-82370,
	333-21909




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-7 (811-8666)


	 


	033-82190,
	033-82174, 033-89560




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-8 (811-7357)


	 


	033-62637,
	033-62659




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-9 (811-08241)


	 


	333-28995,
	333-52579, 333-56073, 333-53023, 333-79327, 333-69014, 333-75360




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-10 (811-09407)


	 


	333-81701




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-11 (811-10591)


	 


	333-74904,
	333-74908




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-12 (811-21099)


	 


	333-88612,
	333-108894, 333-178057, 333-178059




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-13 (811-21139)


	 


	333-91890




	Nationwide
	Variable Account-14 (811-21205)


	 


	333-104339




	Nationwide
	VA Separate Account-A (811-5606)


	 


	033-85164,
	033-22940




	Nationwide
	VA Separate Account-B (811-06399)


	 


	033-86408,
	033-93482, 333-11415




	Nationwide
	VA Separate Account-C (811-7908)


	 


	033-66496,
	333-44485




	Nationwide
	VA Separate Account-D (811-10139)


	 


	333-45976




	Nationwide
	VLI Separate Account (811-4399)


	 


	033-00145,
	033-44290, 033-35698




	Nationwide
	VLI Separate Account-2 (811-5311)


	 


	033-16999,
	033-62795, 033-42180, 033-35783, 033-63179, 333-27133




	Nationwide
	VLI Separate Account-3 (811-6140)


	 


	033-44789,
	033-44296




	Nationwide
	VLI Separate Account-4 (811-08301)


	 


	333-31725,
	333-43671, 333-52617, 333-94037, 333-52615, 333-53728, 333-69160, 333-83010, 333-137202, 333-153343, 333-169879




	Nationwide
	VLI Separate Account-5 (811-10143)


	 


	333-46338,
	333-46412, 333-66572, 333-121881, 333-125481, 333-125482




	Nationwide
	VLI Separate Account-6 (811-21398)


	 


	333-106908




	Nationwide
	VLI Separate Account-7 (811-21610)


	 


	333-117998,
	333-121879, 333-146649, 333-140606, 333-149295, 333-156020, 333-182893, 333-182887




	Nationwide
	VL Separate Account-A (811-6137)


	 


	033-44792,
	033-44300, 033-35775, 333-27123, 333-22677





















	Variable
	Annuities and Variable Life Insurance Policies




	Separate
	Account (1940 Act File No.)


	 


	1933
	Act File Nos.




	Nationwide
	VL Separate Account-B (811-07819)


	 


	333-12333




	Nationwide
	VL Separate Account-C (811-8351)


	 


	333-43639,
	333-36869




	Nationwide
	VL Separate Account-D (811-08891)


	 


	333-59517




	Nationwide
	VL Separate Account-G (811-21697)


	 


	333-121878,
	333-140608, 333-146073, 333-146650, 333-149213, 333-155153, 333-182897, 333-182896




	Nationwide
	Provident VA Separate Account 1 (811-7708)


	 


	333-164127;
	333-164125; 333-164126; 333-164124




	Nationwide
	Provident VLI Separate Account 1 (811-4460)


	 


	333-164180;
	333-164117; 333-164178; 333-164179; 333-164119; 333-164120; 333-164115; 333-164118; 333-164116




	Nationwide
	Provident VA Separate Account A (811-6484)


	 


	333-164131;
	333-164130; 333-164132; 333-164129; 333-164128




	Nationwide
	Provident VLI Separate Account A (811-8722)


	 


	333-164188;
	333-164123; 333-164185; 333-164122; 333-164121





	    





	General
	Account Products




	Insurance
	Company


	 


	1933
	Act File Nos.




	Nationwide
	Life Insurance Company


	 


	333-133163,
	333-196863, 333-149613, 333-155368, 333-160418




	Nationwide
	Life and Annuity Insurance Company


	 


	333-47640





	hereby constitute and appoint
	Stephen S. Rasmussen, Kirt A. Walker, John L. Carter, Eric S. Henderson, Jamie Ruff Casto, Paige L. Ryan, Stephen M. Jackson, and Jeanny V. Simaitis, and each of them with power to act without the others, as his/her attorney, with full power of
	substitution for and in his/her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to approve, and sign such Registration Statements, and any and all amendments thereto, with power to affix the corporate seal of said corporation thereto and to attest
	said seal and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby granting unto said attorneys, and each of them, full power and authority to do and
	perform all and every act and thing requisite to all intents and purposes as he/she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that which said attorneys, or any of them, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This
	instrument may be executed in one or more counterparts.


	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have herewith set their
	names as of this 24

	th

	day of June, 2014.





	/s/
	Timothy G. Frommeyer


	 


	/s/
	Eric S. Henderson




	TIMOTHY
	G. FROMMEYER, Director


	 


	ERIC
	S. HENDERSON, Director




	/s/
	Stephen S. Rasmussen


	 


	/s/
	Mark R. Thresher




	STEPHEN
	S. RASMUSSEN, Director


	 


	MARK
	R. THRESHER, Director




	/s/
	Kirt A. Walker


	 


	/s/
	John L.Carter




	KIRT
	A. WALKER, Director


	 


	JOHN
	L. CARTER, Director






















SEC Info - Nationwide Provident Va Separate Account A - �485BPOS� on 4/25/00 - EX-99.B.7










SEC Info uses JavaScript!� To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


����SEC Info������Home������Search������My Interests������Help������Sign In������Please Sign In




Nationwide Provident Va Separate Account A � �485BPOS��on�4/25/00 � EX-99.B.7On:� Tuesday, 4/25/00, at 2:21pm ET � � � Effective:� 4/25/00 � � � Accession #:� 893220-0-526 � � � File #s:� 333-88163, 811-06484
Previous ‘485BPOS’:� ‘485BPOS’ on 4/25/00 � � � Next:� ‘485BPOS’ on 4/26/01 � � � Latest:� ‘485BPOS’ on 7/18/08



��in�
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
��Show�
Docs searched
�and�
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help...�Wildcards:� ? (any letter),� * (many).� Logic:� for Docs:� &�(and),� |�(or);� for Text:� |�(anywhere),� "(&)"�(near).� � ↓Bottom
�
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For�On�As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 4/25/00  Nationwide Provident Va Sep Ac..A 485BPOS     4/25/00   15:799K                                   Bowne - Bop/FAF-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     485BPOS - Providentmutual - 333-88163                155    818K 
13: EX-99.B.10.A  Consent of Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP                1      8K 
14: EX-99.B.10.B  Consent of Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP                1      9K 
15: EX-99.B.13  Schedule for Computation of Performance Data          11     33K 
 2: EX-99.B.4.A  Form of Individual Flexible Premium Va Contract      26     97K 
 3: EX-99.B.4.E  Death Benefit Rider "Step Up"                         2     12K 
 4: EX-99.B.4.F  Death Benefit Rider "Rising Floor"                    2     10K 
 5: EX-99.B.4.L  Form of Endorsement Renewal Credit Rider              2     12K 
 6: EX-99.B.7   Acceptance by Provident Mutual of Guaranteed Min.      6     24K 
 7: EX-99.B.8.E  Participation Agreement Among Pimco Variable         26    122K 
 8: EX-99.B.8.F  Participation Agreement / Occ Accumulation Trust     39    106K 
 9: EX-99.B.8.G  Participation Agreement - Fidelity                   25    109K 
10: EX-99.B.8.I  Form of Fund Participation Agmt-Mfs Variable         21     87K 
11: EX-99.B.8.K  Services Agreement Between Pacific Investment         3     17K 
12: EX-99.B.9   Consent of James G. Potter, Jr., Esquire               1      6K 

D-->EX-99.B.7 � � � Acceptance by Provident Mutual of Guaranteed Min.
P-->EX-99.B.71st�Page�of�6TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust�1st�
                                                                     Exhibit (7)

GUARANTEED MINIMUM DEATH BENEFIT REINSURANCE
PROVIDENT MUTUAL
ACCEPTANCE

Provident Mutual agrees to accept the reinsurance arrangement offered by CNA    
Life Re. Upon execution of this agreement, all parties will be bound by its     
terms and conditions until the agreement is replaced by a Reinsurance Treaty    
executed by both parties. Upon execution of the Reinsurance Treaty, this        
agreement shall become null and void.                                           

 5% ROLLUP DEATH BENEFIT

For new business written on Provident Mutual's variable annuity with age at     
issue less than or equal to 70, CNA Life Re is able to reinsure the 5% Rollup   
Death Benefit minimum death benefit guarantee at a rate of 38 basis points. This
premium will be charged monthly at the monthly rate of 3.1667 basis points times
account value at the end of each calendar month.                                

The guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB) will be the greatest of:            

1) The total of all purchase payments paid, less any partial  
   withdrawals and any applicable surrender charges and any incurred
  taxes, accumulated at 5% interest from the date of each purchase
         payment or surrender to the most recent contract anniversary date prior
         to the annuitant's 76th birthday and accumulated at 0% thereafter, less
        an adjustment for amounts surrendered, plus purchase payments received
      after that contract anniversary. Such total accumulated amount shall
       not exceed 200% of the net purchase payments and amounts surrendered.
    The adjustment for amounts subsequently surrendered after the most
      recent contract anniversary will reduce the 5% rollup benefit in the
        same proportion that the contract value was reduced on the date of the
partial surrender.                                            

      2) The contract value on the date that proof of death is received by
the Company.                                                                    

P-->EX-99.B.72nd�Page�of�6TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�2nd
ANNUAL RATCHET DEATH BENEFIT

For new business written on Provident Mutual's variable annuity with age at     
issue less than or equal to 70, CNA Life Re is able to reinsure the Annual      
Ratchet Death Benefit minimum death benefit guarantee at an annual rate of 22   
basis points. This premium will be charged monthly at the monthly rate of 1.8333
basis points times account value at the end of each calendar month.             

The guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB) will be the greatest of:            

     1) The purchase payments paid, less any partial withdrawals and any
applicable surrender charges and any incurred taxes.          

       2) The maximum anniversary value, defined as the highest amount based
         on the account value at each anniversary reduced proportionally for any
        partial surrenders and incurred taxes, plus purchase payments received
       after the most recent contract anniversary. Maximum anniversary value
         does not increase after age 85. The GMDB at age 85 and later will equal
       the GMDB as of the annuitant's 85th birthday plus subsequent premiums
and proportional reductions for any partial surrenders.       

      3) The contract value on the date that proof of death is received by
the Company.                                                                    

-2- 

P-->EX-99.B.73rd�Page�of�6TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�3rd
 ONE TIME (8TH YEAR) RATCHET DEATH BENEFIT

For new business written on Provident Mutual's variable annuity with age at     
issue less than or equal to 85, CNA Life Re is able to reinsure the One Time    
(8th Year) Ratchet Death Benefit minimum death benefit guarantee at an annual   
rate of 12 basis points. This premium will be charged monthly at the monthly    
rate of 1.0000 basis points times account value at the end of each calendar     
month.                                                                          

The guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB) for death prior to the 7th contract 
anniversary and age 90 will be the greatest of:                                 

       1)       The purchase payments paid, less any partial withdrawals and
            any applicable surrender charges and any incurred taxes.

         2)       The contract value on the date that proof of death is received
by the Company.                             

The guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB) for death on or after the 7th       
contract anniversary and prior to age 90 will be the greatest of:               

       1)       The purchase payments paid, less any partial withdrawals any
        applicable surrender charges and any incurred taxes.

         2)       The contract value at the 7th contract anniversary adjusted by
               any subsequent purchase payments and reduced proportionally
                for any partial surrenders and incurred taxes, plus purchase
                 payments received after the most recent contract anniversary.

         3)       The Contract Value on the date that proof of death is received
by the Company.                             

The GMDB ceases at attained age 90.                                             

-3- 

P-->EX-99.B.74th�Page�of�6TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�4th
 ONE TIME (9TH YEAR) RATCHET DEATH BENEFIT

For new business written on Provident Mutual's variable annuity with age at     
issue less than or equal to 85, CNA Life Re is able to reinstate the One Time   
(9th Year) Ratchet Death Benefit minimum death benefit guarantee at an annual   
rate of 11.5 basis points. This premium will be charged monthly at the monthly  
rate of 0.9583 basis points times account value at the end of each calendar     
month.                                                                          

The guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB) for death prior to the 8th contract 
anniversary and age 90 will be the greatest of:                                 

       1)       The purchase payments paid, less any partial withdrawals and
            any applicable surrender charges and any incurred taxes.

         2)       The contract value on the date that proof of death is received
by the Company.                             

The guaranteed minimum death benefit (GMDB) for death on after the 8th contract 
anniversary and prior to age 90 will be the greatest of:                        

       4)       The purchase payments paid, less any partial withdrawals any
        applicable surrender charges and any incurred taxes.

         5)       The contract value at the 8th contract anniversary adjusted by
               any subsequent purchase payments and reduced proportionally
                for any partial surrenders and incurred taxes, plus purchase
                 payments received after the most recent contract anniversary.

         6)       The Contract Value on the date that proof of death is received
by the Company.                             

The GMDB ceases at attained age 90.                                             

-4- 

P-->EX-99.B.75th�Page�of�6TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�5th
CNA Life Re provides capacity of $400 million of total deposits, regardless of  
the split of business among the benefits outlined above.                        

Coverage under terms of this agreement will be the greater of zero or the GMDB  
less the Account Value, payable as of the date that proof of death is received  
by the Company. In the event of lapse or other policy termination, no benefit is
payable under this coverage.                                                    

The above rates are guaranteed for one year from the effective date, January 15,
2000, of the reinsurance contract, with the following caveat. If the benefits or
charges to the policyholder are changed (includes contract charges, M&E charges,
and admin fees), CNA Life Re reserves the right to adjust the premium rates.    
Fund fees are allowed to fluctuate.                                             

Subject to a 90-day notice, CNA Life Re reserves the right to change these rates
for both inforce and new business on the reinsurance anniversary date. For      
inforce business, the rates will not be increased above 1.5 times the initial   
rates.                                                                          

CNA Life Re reserves the right to accept the risk associated with more than $3.0
million in initial value per policy subject to individual consideration.        

The above rates are effective for all contracts with contract dates on or prior 
to January 15, 2001. Subject to 90 days prior notice, CNA Life Re reserves the  
right to reset the reinsurance capacity for contracts with effective dates of   
January 15, 2001 or later.                                                      

Recapture is not permitted unless the rates are raised.                         

All business will be administered by Provident Mutual or designee thereof.      

CNA Life Re will require monthly seriatim report (see attached reporting        
requirements) of all GMDB business. The first seriatim report shall be provided 
by Provident Mutual by the end of April 2000.                                   

Reserves are to follow Actuarial Guideline 34 but not less than statutory       
required reserves.                                                              

CNA Life Re will not be responsible for any taxes incurred now or in future,    
directly or indirectly, by Provident Mutual.                                    

This agreement is subject to any required state approvals. Any such required    
approvals will be obtained by Provident Mutual.                                 

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                              
Acceptance:                                                                   

/s/ Illegible                                                  Dated: 10/27/99
----------------------------------------                                      
CNA Life Re                                                                   

/s/ Scott V. Carney                                            Dated: 11/3/99 
----------------------------------------                                      
Provident Mutual                                                              

-5- 

P-->EX-99.B.7Last�Page�of�6TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust�6th
ATTACHMENT

 GMDB Monthly Reporting Requirements

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

FIELD#  FIELD NAME                            DESCRIPTION                                                                
------  ----------                            -----------                                                                
                                                                                                                         
     1  Report Date                           Report date is the last day of the reporting month (mm/dd/yyyy)            
     2  Direct Writing Company                Name of your company                                                       
     3  Policy Number                         Policy or contract number                                                  
     4  Policyholder                          Name of the policyholder (last name_MI_first name)                         
     5  Current Age                           Age of the policyholder as of the report date                              
     6  Issue Date                            Date of the policy issued (mm/dd/yyyy)                                     
     7  Sex                                   Gender of the policyholder (M or F)                                        
     8  Plan Code                             0001 - Annual Ratchet                                                      
                                              0002 -  Rollup                                                             
                                              0003 - One Time (8th Year) Ratchet                                         
                                              0004 - One Time (9th Year) Ratchet                                         
     9  Date of Last Ratchet or Rollup        Last ratchet or Rollup date (mm/dd/yyyy)                                   
    10  Current, Ratchet or Rollup Value      Ratchet or Rollup value as of the report date ($xx.xx)                     
    11  Current Guaranteed Minimum Death      GMDB as of the report date ($xx.xx)                                        
        Benefit                                                                                                          
    12  Current Total Account Value           Total account value as of the report date ($xx.xx)                         
    13  Current Account Value by Fund         Account value by individual fund as of the report date.  The sum of Field  
                                              13 should equal Field 12.  Note that you may want to store this information
                                              in a separate file.  ($xx.xx)                                              
    14  Total Death Benefits Paid             Total death benefits paid for this reporting month ($xx.xx)                
    15  Death Benefits Paid by CNA            Death benefits paid by CNA for this reporting month ($xx.xx)               
    16  Total Death Benefits Due and Unpaid   Total death benefits due and unpaid for this reporting month ($xx.xx)      
    17  Death Benefits Due and Unpaid by CNA  Death benefits due and unpaid by CNA for this reporting month ($xx.xx)     
    18  Current Premium                       Premium paid in this reporting month ($xx.xx)                              
    19  ITD Premium                           Premium paid since inception ($xx.xx)                                      
    20  Current Withdrawal Amount             Total withdrawal amount in this reporting month ($xx.xx)                   
    21  ITD Withdrawal Amount                 Total withdrawal amount since inception ($xx.xx)                           

-6- 
R-->Dates Referenced Herein � and � Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On�PageThis��485BPOS��Filing����Date�First��Last������Other�Filings1/15/015Filed on / Effective on:4/25/00485BPOS1/15/005�List all Filings�
↑TopFiling Submission 0000893220-00-000526 � – � Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et�al.)
Copyright � 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.� All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Thu, 27 Jul 02:39:19.0 GMT�



 SECGems: NATIONWIDE PROVIDENT VA SEPARATE ACCOUNT 1 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 NATIONWIDE PROVIDENT VA SEPARATE ACCOUNT 1 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
328













	 
	
	 1000 CHESTERBROOK BLVD
	 
	
	
	   BERWYN, 
	   PA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   6104071717    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2003-12-23PROVIDENT MUTUAL VARIABLE ANNUITY SEPARATE ACCOUNT1993-07-14


2003-12-23NATIONWIDE PROVIDENT VA SEPARATE ACCOUNT 1








Central Index Key (CIK)
0000904817
State of Incorporation
PA
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231










All related persons/companies# Filings





 FINANCIAL HORIZONS VA SEPARATE ACCOUNT 2


6




 FINANCIAL HORIZONS VL SEPARATE ACCOUNT 1


1




 GARTMORE VARIABLE INSURANCE TRUST


5




 Multi-Flex Variable Account (0001427278) 


1




 NATIONWIDE FIDELITY ADVISOR ANNUITY VARIABLE ACCOUNT


6




 NATIONWIDE LIFE & ANNUITY INSURANCE CO (0001001569) 


6




 NATIONWIDE LIFE INSURANCE CO (0000205695) 


6




 NATIONWIDE MULTI FLEX VARIABLE ACCOUNT (0000356723) 


1




 NATIONWIDE PROVIDENT VA SEPARATE ACCOUNT A (0000881437) 


6




 NATIONWIDE PROVIDENT VLI SEPARATE ACCOUNT 1 (0000740269) 


6




 NATIONWIDE PROVIDENT VLI SEPARATE ACCOUNT A (0000926998) 


6




 NATIONWIDE SEPARATE ACCOUNT MONEY MARKET TRUST


5




 NATIONWIDE SEPARATE ACCOUNT TRUST


5




 NATIONWIDE SPECTRUM VARIABLE ACCOUNT


6




 NATIONWIDE VA SEPARATE ACCOUNT A (0001001568) 


1




 NATIONWIDE VA SEPARATE ACCOUNT-B (0000878670) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT (0000202713) 


1




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT -10 (0001087697) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT 14 (0001190903) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT 6 (0000927915) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT 7 (0000927751) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT 8 (0000949878) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT 9 (0001040376) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE ACCOUNT II (0000356514) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VARIABLE INSURANCE TRUST (0000353905) 


5




 NATIONWIDE VL SEPARATE ACCOUNT A (0000865640) 


1




 NATIONWIDE VL SEPARATE ACCOUNT C (0001044822) 


1




 NATIONWIDE VLI SEPARATE ACCOUNT 2 (0000820914) 


6




 NATIONWIDE VLI SEPARATE ACCOUNT 3 (0000866064) 


2




 NATIONWIDE VLI SEPARATE ACCOUNT 4 (0001041357) 


6




 Nationwide Life & Annuity Co of America (0001427280) 


2




 Nationwide Life Insurance Co of America (0001427279) 


2




 Nationwide VL Separate Account-G (0001313581) 


6




 Nationwide VLI Separate Account-7 (0001299473) 


6




 PROVIDENT MUTUAL VARIABLE ANNUITY SEPARATE ACCOUNT (0000904817) 


329




 PROVIDENT MUTUAL VARIABLE GROWTH SEPARATE ACCOUNT


7




 PROVIDENT MUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT (0000740269) 


7




 PROVIDENTMUTUAL VARIABLE ANNUITY SEPARATE ACCOUNT (0000881437) 


7




 PROVIDENTMUTUAL VARIABLE LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT (0000926998) 


7







 








db
 
 








































