










NEXT GEN WATER CORP LTD. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





NEXT GEN WATER CORP LTD. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
NEXT GEN WATER CORP LTD.


Company Address
FT B 33/F BLK. 1 VICTORIA CTR.15 WATSON ROADNORTH POINT 00000


Company Phone
85225702177


Company Website
www.nextgenwater.net


CEO
Tom Moore


Employees 
 -- 


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
8/31


Status
Filed (4/12/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
FINRA - BB


Share Price
$0.05


Shares Offered
5,000,000


Offer Amount
$250,000.00


Total Expenses
$8,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
9,422,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001671679




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten and "best-efforts" basis: no
minimum number of shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed.  The
offering price per share is $0.05.  The following  table sets forth the uses of
proceeds assuming the sale of 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the
securities offered for sale by the Company.  There is no assurance that we will
raise the full $100,000 as anticipated and there is no guarantee that we will
receive any proceeds from the offering.

                             If 25%           If 50%          If 75%         If 100% 
                            shares sold      shares sold     shares sold    shares sold

Description

GROSS PROCEEDS               62,500           125,000         187,500        250,000 

Offering expenses             8,000             8,000           8,000          8,000 

NET PROCEEDS                 54,500           117,000         179,500        242,000 

Office                        2,000             3,000           4,000          5,000 

Water machine manufacturing  35,500            90,000         139,500        204,000 

Marketing Campaign            2,000             4,000           6,000          8,000   

Salesperson                   5,000            10,000          20,000         20,000        
 
SEC reporting and compliance  10,000           10,000          10,000         10,000     

The above figures represent only estimated costs. The estimated cost of this
registration statement is $8,000 which will be paid from offering proceeds. If
the offering  proceeds are less than registration costs, our directors have
verbally agreed to loan the Company funds to complete the registration process.
The Director’s verbal agreement to provide us loans for registration costs is
non- binding and discretionary. Also, these loans would be necessary if the
proceeds from this offering will not be sufficient to implement our business 
plan and maintain reporting status and quotation on the OTC Electronic Bulletin
Board when and if our common stocks become eligible for trading on the 
Over-the-Counter  Bulletin Board. The Director’s will not be paid any
compensation or anything from the proceeds of this offering. There is no due
date for the repayment of the funds advanced by our directors. The Director’s
will be repaid from  revenues of  operations if and when we generate revenues to
pay the ation.


The atmospheric water generator industry is relatively new and is becoming
highly competitive. This market segment includes numerous manufacturers,
distributors, marketers, and retailers that actively compete for the business
and consumer market both in the United States and abroad.

The following are some of our competitors:

Element Four. (www.elementfour.com) is a Canadian based company which produces
small household units which produce about 13 quarts of water per day. The
company has been in existence for over 5 years and has a number of patents.

Air2 Water Inc. (www.air2water.net) also known as World Wide Water Company. This
company holds a patent for atmospheric water generators. Air 2 Water offers two
products to their distributors the residential Dolphin 1 and Dolphin  

EcoBlue (www.ecoblue.com) has a number of consumer atmospheric water harvesting
machines and solar products that it sells through distributors, it’s own
e-commerce store and through Amazon.com

Island Sky (www.islandsky.com)currently designs, manufacturers and distributes
its household and commercial air-to-water machines from its production
facilities in China, Mexico and India. Island Sky has defined global markets
with distribution in key regions globally.

AWG International (www.awginternational.com) makes a number of smaller consumer
models from it’s factory in Washington State.

HendrxWater (www.hendrxwater.com) currently produces the atmospheric water
harvesting machine model HR residential model, this unit is very similar to the
Dolphin 1 and the Dolphin 2 produced by Air 2 Water, and also uses UV to control
the bacteria with much the same internal configuration. Fujian Yuxin also
produces the EA 500 commercial unit which uses standard DX coils. The
residential and commercial units are represented by many different distributers
at different levels in the retail market.

Water Maker India (www.watermakerindia.com) currently produces the WM series
commercial unit utilizes standard DX technology and comes in a variety of sizes
and has begun to market their product in India; currently they do not produce a
residential unit for retail sale. Water Maker India has so far been focusing
their efforts in the Indian market.

Drinkable Air (www.drinkable-air.com) is a located in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida.
It was organized in 2007. Drinkable Air has over 50 distributors in the United
States and two in the Pacific Rim. Its atmospheric water machines utilize an
ozone process to kill water borne organisms. The company's product line supports
an office and commercial product named Cameleon.


Company Description
We were incorporated on September 26, 2014 in Nevada as Jobswipe Corporation
(“Jobswipe”). Until closing of the Acquisition Jobswipe operated solely as a 
proposed next generation tool that would simplify the pairing of would be 
employers with interested applicants through a secure, easy to use


 smartphone 
application.

On September 17, 2015, we changed our corporate name to Next Gen Water
Corporation Ltd. (“Next Gen”) from Jobswipe Corporation, to reflect the new
direction of the Company. Next Gen is a developer, manufacturer and distributor
of Atmospheric Water Harvester (AWH) technology. This technology provides a
cost-effective solution to the global shortage of drinking water by extracting
water from air and turning it into clean, healthy drinking water. The technology
transforms available water vapor from air humidity into great tasting drinking
water by using refrigeration technology that condenses water vapor. AWH machines
continuously simulate the “dew point” allowing water to be collected even in
relatively low-humidity conditions. Next Gen has acquired an inventory of
various prototype atmospheric water harvester machines which it intends to mass
produce for marketing and distribution.
---

Our executive offices are located at FT B Blk. 1 Victoria Ctr., 15 Watson Road,
North Point, Hong Kong. Our phone number is 85225702177 and our Internet address
is www.nextgenwater.net.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$26,566


Total Assets
$26,590






Total Liabilities
$23,500


Stockholders' Equity
$3,090




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 2 Total: 2
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



NEXT GEN WATER CORP LTD.
S-1/A
10/13/2016
Filing



NEXT GEN WATER CORP LTD.
S-1
4/12/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Gillespie & Associates, PLLC


Company Counsel
Dean Law Corp


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6422.75


10.58
 ▲ 
0.16%





DJIA

21711.01


97.58
 ▲ 
0.45%





S&P 500

2477.83


0.70
 ▲ 
0.03%










Data as of Jul 26, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            INC Research Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
                        



	                     6:11AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            UK retail sales shoot higher in July, boosted by clothing sales - CBI
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Helmerich & Payne, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Results
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Williams Sausage Company Breaks Ground on New Factory, Receives New Markets Tax Credits to Finance 
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Next Gen Water Corp Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















next gen water corp ltd
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Waste & Environ Svcs & Equip
Sub-Industry: Pollution Control Equipment
Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd. develops, manufactures, and distributes atmospheric water harvester technology. The Company offers atmospheric water harvester machines which extracts water from air and turning it into clean, healthy drinking water.




Corporate Information
Address:

Flat B, 33/F, Block 1
Victoria Center, 15 Watson Roa
North Point
Hong Kong (SAR)


Phone:
852-2570-2177


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.nextgenwater.net





Board Members




President/CEO
Company


Tom Moore
Next Gen Water Corp Ltd








CFO/Treasurer/Secretary
Company


Ka Foo
Next Gen Water Corp Ltd


























From The Web











Key Executives


Tom Moore


President/CEO




Ka Tin Foo


CFO/Treasurer/Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































  1395946D:OTC US Stock Quote - Next Gen Water Corp Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Next Gen Water Corp Ltd   1395946D:US   OTC US    Pending Listing   1395946D:US is pending listing   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd. develops, manufactures, and distributes atmospheric water harvester technology. The Company offers atmospheric water harvester machines which extracts water from air and turning it into clean, healthy drinking water.    Address  Flat B, 33/F, Block 1Victoria Center, 15 Watson RoaNorth PointHong Kong (SAR)   Phone  852-2570-2177   Website   www.nextgenwater.net     Executives Board Members    Tom Moore  President/CEO    Ka Tin Foo  CFO/Treasurer/Secretary     Show More         

Next Gen Water Corp Ltd.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog














Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Next Gen Water Corp Ltd.




Next Gen Water Corp Ltd.





      Loading...
    





Address

Ft B 33/F Blk. 1 Victoria Ctr., North Point, K3 00000
Phone
85225702177



Sample Contracts



Next Gen Water Corp Ltd. –
Next Gen 3000 Model
(April 12th, 2016)




Next Gen Water Corp Ltd. –
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT Dated This 30th Day of September,
2014.
(April 12th, 2016)
JobSwipe Corporation, a Nevada Corporation ("JS"), having a place of business at 227 East Louise St., Long Beach, California, USA 90805 and Foreseeson Technology Inc., Robert Klein and Justin Liu ("FKL"), having a place of business at 2105 - 11980 Hammersmith Way, Richmond, B.C., Canada, V7A 0A4 agree as follows:



Next Gen Water Corp Ltd. –
Contract
(April 12th, 2016)




Next Gen Water Corp Ltd. –
Contract
(April 12th, 2016)




Next Gen Water Corp Ltd. –
By-Laws for the Regulation Except as Otherwise Provided by Statute or Its
Articles of Incorporation of * * * Jobswipe Corporation * * * a Nevada
Corporation
(April 12th, 2016)




Next Gen Water Corp Ltd. –
Office and Administration Services Agreement
(April 12th, 2016)
THIS AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into this 1st day of October , 2014, by and between Tom Moore, of 227 East Louise Street, Long Beach, California, 90805 , (the "Manager") and Jobswipe Corporation, of 6490 W. Desert Inn Road, Las Vegas, Nevada, 89146 (the "Company")  RECITALS   A. WHEREAS, Company desires to obtain certain Services described hereunder from the Manager;  B. AND WHEREAS Company agrees to engage the Manager as an independent contractor to perform such Services and the Manager hereby agrees to provide such services to the Company   NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  1. Services  Company hereby appoints Manager to act as its sole and exclusive Manager, representative and advisor in all matters including but not limited to rendering advice, guidance, counsel, directions and any other services needed by Com













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.














Water Gen – Bringing water to the world







































 




  


 


















 







 

English
Русский
Español

 














  





















Innovative technology for water supply and air drying solutions

Perfect quality 
Perfect water quality — almost pure H2O. Water is kept sterilized at all times

Unique technology
Unique revolutionary technology (unlike AC based units used by other "water from the air" products)

low cost
Low-cost water production due to Water-Gen’s unique technology

Plug-and-drink
No infrastructure is needed, but electricity. Plug-and-drink solution

Cleans the room air
Dries and filters the air of the room for a comfortable feeling (like a dehumidifier)

LOW POWER CONSUMPTION 
Power consumption is 70% less than competitors






Noticias recientes


By admin In NewsPosted Sunday July  9th, 2017 Sunday Guardian Live: Israeli water tech company invests in India



READ MORE



By admin In NewsPosted Wednesday July  5th, 2017 The Jerusalem post: Israeli water technology firm inks deal with India



READ MORE



By admin In NewsPosted Tuesday June 20th, 2017 NBC 6 News – Miami, USA



READ MORE



By admin In NewsPosted Sunday June 25th, 2017 BreitBart: Israeli firm that extracts drinking water from humidity launches in Florida



READ MORE








Todas las noticias














  











  Sunday Guardian Live: Israeli water tech company invests in India
Sunday July  9th, 2017
  The Jerusalem post: Israeli water technology firm inks deal with India
Wednesday July  5th, 2017
  NBC 6 News – Miami, USA
Tuesday June 20th, 2017
  BreitBart: Israeli firm that extracts drinking water from humidity launches in Florida
Sunday June 25th, 2017





 See all news






























Ventajas del agua generada por la atmósfera






    BAJO CONSUMO DE ENERGÍA 
El consumo de energía es un 70% menos que de los competidores
    TECNOLOGÍA ÚNICA 
Tecnología revolucionaria única (distinta de la de los equipos basados en el aire acondicionado empleada en otros productos “agua del aire”)
    BAJO COSTE 
Producción de agua a bajo coste gracias a la tecnología única de Water-Gen












    CONECTAR Y BEBER 
No hace falta ninguna infraestructura, solo electricidad. Solución “conecte y beba”
    CALIDAD PERFECTA 
Calidad del agua perfecta — prácticamente H2O puro. El agua se mantiene esterilizada en todo momento
    LIMPIA EL AIRE DE LA HABITACIÓN 
Seca y filtra el aire de la habitación para una sensación confortable (como un deshumidificador)








  





















Presentation
 Download in PDF

(15,6 MB)












Brochure
 Download in PDF

(13,5 MB)















International Recognition









Water-Gen was chosen as one of the World's 50 Most Innovative Companies.






Arye Kohavi is one of the world’s 100 Leading Global Thinkers and one of the world’s Top Innovators






Technology Innovation Leadership of the Year, 2014









(Fast Company Magazine)










(Foreign Policy Magazine)










(Frost & Sullivan)

























Contact Us




  





















 














            Send        




 

 


 


























 

© 2016 Water-Gen


Contact Us T: +972-3-9416861/2
F: +972-3-9416860
E: contact@water-gen.com

Visit Us Water-Gen LTD
11 Moshe Levi St,
Rishon LeZion 7565828, Israel














Commercial Credit Report for Next Gen Water Corp Ltd - Report Preview
















































CreditRiskMonitor helps corporate credit, procurement and finance professionals stay ahead of financial risk with comprehensive commercial credit reports, risk analysis and monitoring for more than 57,000 active, publicly-traded companies worldwide. 
                                    Reports typically include detailed financial statements, ratios, peer analyses, bond agency ratings from Moody's, S&P and Fitch, when available, and our proprietary FRISK® score, proven 96% accurate in predicting financial failure of public companies. Below is a partial preview of the CreditRiskMonitor report for Next Gen Water Corp Ltd.
                                To get the full report on this and other companies at no charge, request a personal demo and free trial.
                                
                                To purchase this report now, or if you are a subscriber, click here.







Next Gen Water Corp Ltd



FT B 33/F BLK. 1 VICTORIA CTR.


15 WATSON ROAD


Phone: +852 25702177p:+852 25702177
00000  Hong Kong







Business Summary




Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd., formerly Jobswipe Corporation, is a development stage company. The Company is involved in organizational activities. The Company is a developer, manufacturer and distributor of Atmospheric Water Harvester (AWH) technology. This technology provides a solution to the global shortage of drinking water by extracting water from air and turning it into drinking water. The Company's technology converts available water vapor from air humidity into drinking water by using refrigeration technology that condenses water vapor. AWH machines continuously simulate the dew point allowing water to be collected in various conditions. The Company is in the business of acquiring clean tech technologies. The Company has not generated any revenue.


Scores and Ratings




FRISK®Score
Z''Score
IRA CQScore
DBTIndex
S&PRating
Moody'sRating
FitchRating

-Yes-----


Financials, News and Filings




LatestStatement
LastAudit
News
SECFilings
BankruptcyFilings
Suit &JudgmentFilings
TaxLienFilings

11/30/20158/31/2015YesYes---


Industries



SIC Code
Description


3541
Machine tools, metal cutting types





Officers and Directors



Title
Name
Age
TitleDate
StartDate


President, CEO and Director
TomMoore





Secretary, Treasurer, CFO & Director
Ka TinFoo








General Information



Outstanding Shares:
4,422,000
 (As of 11/30/2015) 


Federal Tax Id:
471951265
















Copyright © 2017 CreditRiskMonitor.com (Ticker: CRMZ).  
All rights reserved.     

By using this website, you accept the Terms of Use Agreement. 
Fundamental financial data concerning public companies may be provided by Thomson Reuters (click for restrictions)

Friday, June 30, 2017




SITE MAP | ABOUT US | DIRECTORY | STOCK QUOTE: CRMZ | SIGN IN







 







 




Next Gen Water » Products










































Home
Videos

Presentations


Water Crisis

Articles


Products
Technology
Contact






  







Products









NEXT GEN – Home and Office Model Introduction
The Next Gen is a full sized upright model that can produce up to 8 gallons of drinking water per day depending on humidity & temperature levels. These water units are equipped with an electronic control system that turns the machine on & off when full and circulates the water to maintain clean drinking water 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Humidity levels and filter changing requirements are indicated with digital displays.

 Benefits of Atmospheric Water Technology 
1. The Next Gen Air-Water Generator creates drinking water from the moisture in the air. The vast amount of water is available in the atmosphere which firmly offers a constant water supply. You don’t need to lay pipe or lift heavy bottles. Just plug-in and enjoy the purest water in the world. In near future, Air-Water Generators will be the standard in providing water to the world.
2. The Next Gen produces up to 8 gallons of water per day based on relative humidity and temperature.
The machine will work at indoor climates ranging between 65 -75 degrees Fahrenheit (20-23.8 degrees Celsius) and relative humidity.
3. Cost effective – the Next Gen can produce a gallon of water for $.03 to $.08 per gallon (3.78 liters).
4. Next Gen also functions as an air cleaner and dehumidifier.
5.Fresh drinking water is always available because Next Gen re-circulates water that is held in the tanks to keep it from going stale. Eliminates the recurring costs of bottled water delivery and storage of plastic bottles
 



Comments are closed.

 
 







 









About Us 
 



Our Products 
 



Our Services 
 








Copyright 2017 Next Gen Water | Powered by WordPress | consultant theme by antthemes



















Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd. in Edmonton AB - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Alberta



                
                >
                

Edmonton







 Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd.
                        

Archived Record

                                
                                    Edmonton,
                                    AB
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd. Overview
  Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd. filed as a Domestic Corporation in the State of Nevada and is no longer active. This corporate entity was filed approximately three years ago on Friday, September 26, 2014 as recorded in documents filed with Nevada Secretary of State.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd.
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd.








Name







                            Justin Liu
                                
                                    2
                                





                                        President
                                    

                                        Treasurer
                                    

                                        Director
                                    

                                        Secretary
                                    







                            Tom Moore
                                
                                    1
                                





                                        President
                                    

                                        Treasurer
                                    

                                        Director
                                    

                                        Secretary
                                    





















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd.










5219 142nd St NW
Edmonton, AB 




227 E Louise St
Long Beach, CA 90805










Corporate Filings for Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd.








Nevada Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Inactive
Default                                



                                    State:
                                

                                    Nevada
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    E0496272014-9
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Friday, September 26, 2014
                                    



                                        Date Expired:
                                    

                                            Saturday, October 1, 2016
                                        



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Nevada Processing Center, Inc
                                    








Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        9/26/2014
                                    

                                        Articles of Incorporation
                                    

                                        Initial Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 75,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ $75,000.00
                                    






                                        9/26/2014
                                    

                                        Initial List
                                    








                                        4/13/2015
                                    

                                        Amended List
                                    








                                        9/17/2015
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    








                                        9/30/2015
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        4/7/2016
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    

                                        Previous Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 75,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 75,000.00New Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 750,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 750,000.00
                                    










Advertisements










Source







Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















2
                    Known Addresses
                




                                5219 142nd St NW  Edmonton, AB

                            


                                227 E Louise St  Long Beach, CA 90805

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Next Gen Water Corporation Ltd. however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NV

2014
Domestic Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,570 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,717 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,145 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,442 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,717 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,838 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,966 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,570 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,318 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,341 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,575 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,145 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,904 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,442 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,353 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,225 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,145 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,650 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Alberta Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Alberta Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Your Local 411

                                                
                                                    Tofield, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Carmen Koop
Samantha Koop
Diane Koop










Terramer (USA) Inc.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        










Truco Resources, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Edward D. Trewin










Distraction Wear USA Inc.

                                                
                                                    Edmonton, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Danita Short










Poway Property Lp

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Capexico US Gp, Inc.










Tgs International Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chung Szeto
Sau Chun Yu










Newalta Corporation

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alan P. Cadotte










Red Flame Ranch, LLC

                                                
                                                    Red Deer, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Sayers
Bob Sayers










Ptw Energy Services Inc.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dan Basnett
Keith Basnett
Don Basnett










Infinity Capital Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dave Lavoie
Thomas Howell
Frederick E. Apple










Engenium Chemicals Corp.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Janet Hunt
Gregory A. Martin
Peter Stephens










982 Media House Inc.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Arti Modi










Aspire Health Science, LLC

                                                
                                                    Blackfalds, AB
                                                
                                        










Gelmon Corporation (USA) Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        










Brelco Drilling Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
M. Gordon Bryan










Summit Acceptance Corp.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard N. Romeril
Nathan Clarke
Troy Paulence










Bow Valley Resource Services Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul S. Fee










Wgl Investments, Inc

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nathan Hayashi
Bette Terada
Richard Hayashi










Quinn's Production Services (USA), Inc.

                                                
                                                    Red Deer, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Douglas J. Quinn










Magdalena Corp.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Donald Murdock










Avenir Sports Entertainment Corp.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ken Stickney
Jacquie Shivak
William Gallacher










Michael Bruhjell, Lp

                                                
                                                    Canmore, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Bruhjell Gp, LLC










Persimmon Leaf Interiors LLC

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wgl Investments, Inc
Richard Hayashi










Green Envy Medical Corporation

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chris Hunt
Joseph M. Donatacci
Joel A. Manorek










Rovus Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rahul Virmani










Petrojet Canada Inc.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Myles B. McDougall










Grm International, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert L. Wyllie
Darcy W. Hill
Lawrence A. Wagar










Frac Shack America Inc.

                                                
                                                    Acheson, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Todd Van Vliet
Maury G. Van Vliet
Scott M. Van Vliet










Red Phoenix Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alex Fraser










Propak Systems Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Airdrie, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rod McPike
Barry Taylor
Steven Brandell










Buttes Resources Canada, Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Boreat










Northpoint Eldridge Development, LLC

                                                
                                                    Edmonton, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark Yates
Gus Ham










Safefreight Technology USA Inc.

                                                
                                                    Edmonton, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Curtis J. Serna
Andrew Pickerill
Joseph Kane










Adco Power Corp.

                                                
                                                    Edmonton, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brad Kruper










Upsi (USA), Inc.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Lagadin
David Fream










Pferdmenges Farming Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Huberta Pferdmenges










Sabre Capital Corp.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Neal E. Pirie










Connected Real Estate Solutions, Lp

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Connected Management Solutions, Inc










Gibson Energy Ulc

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian J. Recatto
A. Stewart Hanlon
Sam Van Aken










Synchronicity Energy Corporation

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Pierre P.G.
Stephen B. Soules










AC Power Financial Corp.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jason Vaccaro










Rascas Enterprise, LLC

                                                
                                                    Bon Accord, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rico Sebastianelli
Colleen Sebastianelli










Leading Edge Boutiques Ltd.

                                                
                                                    Calgary, AB
                                                
                                        



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Topco Oilsite Products USA Inc.
22 days ago


Emdonton




Elbow River Marketing USA Ltd.
23 days ago


Calgary




Greenjacket Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As Greenjacket Cover-Up Inc.
23 days ago


Edmonton




Tranvil Associates Inc.
30 days ago


Calgary




Blackline Safety USA Corp.
1 month ago


Calgary




Bitco Drilling Solutions Inc.
1 month ago


Nisku




Acuity Digital Inspection Inc.
2 months ago


Red Deer




Butting Canada Ltd.
2 months ago


Cochrane




Smashing Bottles Inc.
2 months ago


Calgary




Dj Global Wave US Inc.
2 months ago


Calgary




Onstream Pipeline Inspection USA Inc.
2 months ago


Calgary




Caneda America, Inc.
2 months ago


Okotoks




Arcadius (SW) Energy Capital, Lp
2 months ago


Calgary




Netback Production Solutions LLC
2 months ago


Calgary




Vintage Pad, LLC
2 months ago


Calgary




Sirius Controls Inc.
2 months ago


Edmonton




Cancal Cattle Gp, LLC
2 months ago


Okotoks




Impulse Downhole Tools USA Ltd.
2 months ago


Edmonton




Thinktank Products USA Inc.
2 months ago


Olds




Homes 101 Ways Limited, Lp
2 months ago


Red Deer




Synodon Corporation
2 months ago


Edmonton




Zytech Building Systems (Dfw) Lp
2 months ago


Balzac




Dynacorp Fabricators Inc.
2 months ago


Calgary




Savanna Drilling Corp.
2 months ago


Calgary




Quinn Artificial Lift Services LLC
2 months ago


Red Deer




Cegenpart Inc.
2 months ago


Calgary




Trendenzia, LLC
4 months ago


Toa




Long View Systems Corporation (USA)
5 months ago


Calgary




Parvus Therapeutics Inc.
5 months ago


Calgary




982 Media House Inc.
5 months ago


Calgary




Gibson Energy (U.S.) Inc.
5 months ago


Calgary




Distraction Wear USA Inc.
5 months ago


Edmonton




Petwin America Corp
5 months ago


Calgary




Integnv L.L.C.
5 months ago


Edmonton




Dee-Lee Services USA, Inc.
5 months ago


Leduc




Pembina Midstream (U.S.A.) Inc.
5 months ago


Calgary




Spriza Merger Sub, Inc.
5 months ago


Calgary




Global Construction USA Inc.
5 months ago


Edmonton




Gaberco, LLC
5 months ago


Calgary




Ptw Energy LLC
5 months ago


Calgary
Beaumont




Geophysical Service Incorporated LLC
5 months ago


Calgary




Pd U.S.A. Inc.
5 months ago


Edmonton




Superpro Painting Systems International [U.S.A.] Inc.
5 months ago


Edmonton




Tgs International Ltd.
5 months ago


Calgary




Rocky Mountain Properties L.L.C.
5 months ago


Calgary




J.V. Driver Fabricators (2013), Inc.
5 months ago


Leduc
Edmonton




Ice Sports Investments LLC
5 months ago


Calgary
Lethbridge




Madison Holdings Corp
5 months ago


Calgary




Creative Elements LLC
5 months ago


2006 Calgary




Halcof LLC
5 months ago


Spruce Grove









Top cities in Alberta





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Calgary
                


                4,698
            



                2
            


                    Edmonton
                


                2,022
            



                3
            


                    Aberdeen
                


                162
            



                4
            


                    Red Deer
                


                127
            



                5
            


                    Sherwood Park
                


                98
            



                6
            


                    Lethbridge
                


                69
            



                7
            


                    St Albert
                


                68
            



                8
            


                    Nisku
                


                58
            



                9
            


                    Medicine Hat
                


                51
            



                10
            


                    Okotoks
                


                45
            



                11
            


                    Airdrie
                


                39
            



                12
            


                    Canmore
                


                39
            



                13
            


                    Fort Saskatchewan
                


                37
            



                14
            


                    Cochrane
                


                36
            



                15
            


                    Leduc
                


                34
            



                16
            


                    Spruce Grove
                


                31
            



                17
            


                    Grande Prairie
                


                27
            



                18
            


                    High River
                


                23
            



                19
            


                    Banff
                


                22
            



                20
            


                    Aberdeenshire
                


                21
            



                21
            


                    Acheson
                


                20
            



                22
            


                    Camrose
                


                20
            



                23
            


                    Olds
                


                20
            



                24
            


                    Chestermere
                


                19
            



                25
            


                    Fort McMurray
                


                17
            



                26
            


                    Dewinton
                


                16
            



                27
            


                    Lloydminster
                


                16
            



                28
            


                    Aberdeen Scotland
                


                14
            



                29
            


                    Calgary Alberta
                


                14
            



                30
            


                    Calgary Canada
                


                13
            



                31
            


                    Dyce Aberdeen
                


                13
            



                32
            


                    Red Deer County
                


                12
            



                33
            


                    Stony Plain
                


                12
            



                34
            


                    Nanton
                


                11
            



                35
            


                    Toa
                


                11
            



                36
            


                    Vega
                


                11
            



                37
            


                    Calagary
                


                10
            



                38
            


                    Cardston
                


                10
            



                39
            


                    Crossfield
                


                10
            



                40
            


                    Galgary
                


                10
            



                41
            


                    Sturgeon County
                


                10
            



                42
            


                    Drayton Valley
                


                9
            



                43
            


                    Lacombe
                


                9
            



                44
            


                    450-1st Street SW Calgary
                


                8
            



                45
            


                    Edmonton Canada
                


                8
            



                46
            


                    Legal
                


                8
            



                47
            


                    Magrath
                


                8
            



                48
            


                    Tofield
                


                8
            



                49
            


                    Westlock
                


                8
            



                50
            


                    Wetaskiwin
                


                8
            



                51
            


                    Sylvan Lake
                


                7
            



                52
            


                    Vegreville
                


                7
            



                53
            


                    Aldersyde
                


                6
            



                54
            


                    Bon Accord
                


                6
            



                55
            


                    Bow Island
                


                6
            



                56
            


                    Brooks
                


                6
            



                57
            


                    Canada Edmonton
                


                6
            



                58
            


                    Deer
                


                6
            



                59
            


                    Fraserburgh
                


                6
            



                60
            


                    Innisfail
                


                6
            



                61
            


                    Park
                


                6
            



                62
            


                    Raymond
                


                6
            



                63
            


                    Seba Beach
                


                6
            



                64
            


                    St Alberta
                


                6
            



                65
            


                    Sundre
                


                6
            



                66
            


                    Taber
                


                6
            



                67
            


                    115-17th Avenue SW Calgary
                


                5
            



                68
            


                    Balzac
                


                5
            



                69
            


                    Banffshire
                


                5
            



                70
            


                    Bridge of Don Aberdeen
                


                5
            



                71
            


                    Canada
                


                5
            



                72
            


                    Coaldale
                


                5
            



                73
            


                    Edmondton
                


                5
            



                74
            


                    Edmonton Alberta
                


                5
            



                75
            


                    Ft Saskatchewan
                


                5
            



                76
            


                    Morinville
                


                5
            



                77
            


                    Ponoka
                


                5
            



                78
            


                    Portlethen Aberdeen
                


                5
            



                79
            


                    Strathmore
                


                5
            



                80
            


                    SW Calgary
                


                5
            



                81
            


                    Westhill Aberdeen
                


                5
            



                82
            


                    Aberdeen Uk
                


                4
            



                83
            


                    Barons
                


                4
            



                84
            


                    Bragg Creek
                


                4
            



                85
            


                    Canada Calgary
                


                4
            



                86
            


                    Dunmore
                


                4
            



                87
            


                    Edmunton
                


                4
            



                88
            


                    Fairview
                


                4
            



                89
            


                    Irricana
                


                4
            



                90
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                4
            



                91
            


                    Pincher Creek
                


                4
            



                92
            


                    Provost
                


                4
            



                93
            


                    Rocky View
                


                4
            



                94
            


                    Rocky View County
                


                4
            



                95
            


                    Rockyview
                


                4
            



                96
            


                    Slave Lake
                


                4
            



                97
            


                    SW
                


                4
            



                98
            


                    Thorsby
                


                4
            



                99
            


                    Vermilion
                


                4
            



                100
            


                    Whitecourt
                


                4
            



                101
            


                    1900700-9th Ave S W Calgary
                


                3
            



                102
            


                    Alberta
                


                3
            



                103
            


                    Ardrossan
                


                3
            



                104
            


                    Beaumont
                


                3
            



                105
            


                    Beaverlodge
                


                3
            



                106
            


                    Blackfalds
                


                3
            



                107
            


                    Bonnyville
                


                3
            



                108
            


                    Breton
                


                3
            



                109
            


                    Calbary
                


                3
            



                110
            


                    Calcary
                


                3
            



                111
            


                    Calgery
                


                3
            



                112
            


                    Calgray
                


                3
            



                113
            


                    Canada Grande Prairie
                


                3
            



                114
            


                    Chestermere Canada
                


                3
            



                115
            


                    Devon
                


                3
            



                116
            


                    Drumheller
                


                3
            



                117
            


                    Fort Macleod
                


                3
            



                118
            


                    Ft McMurray
                


                3
            



                119
            


                    Grand Prairie
                


                3
            



                120
            


                    Huntly Aberdeenshire
                


                3
            



                121
            


                    Inverurie
                


                3
            



                122
            


                    Kintore Aberdeenshire
                


                3
            



                123
            


                    Millet
                


                3
            



                124
            


                    Redcliff
                


                3
            



                125
            


                    Scotland
                


                3
            



                126
            


                    Sherwood Park Canada
                


                3
            



                127
            


                    St Paul
                


                3
            



                128
            


                    Wainwright
                


                3
            



                129
            


                    Westhill Aberdeenshire
                


                3
            



                130
            


                    1400 Calgary
                


                2
            



                131
            


                    1903-37C Ave Edmonton
                


                2
            



                132
            


                    2006 Calgary
                


                2
            



                133
            


                    450-1st Street S W Calgary
                


                2
            



                134
            


                    Aberdeen Aberdeenshire
                


                2
            



                135
            


                    Aberdeen Sc
                


                2
            



                136
            


                    Aberdeen Scottland
                


                2
            



                137
            


                    Aberlour Banffshire
                


                2
            



                138
            


                    Aberlour-On-Spey
                


                2
            



                139
            


                    Acme
                


                2
            



                140
            


                    Albert
                


                2
            



                141
            


                    Athabasca
                


                2
            



                142
            


                    Ave Edmonton
                


                2
            



                143
            


                    Ave SW Calgary
                


                2
            



                144
            


                    Ballindalloch
                


                2
            



                145
            


                    Banchory
                


                2
            



                146
            


                    Barrhead
                


                2
            



                147
            


                    Bay 7 Leduc
                


                2
            



                148
            


                    Beiseker
                


                2
            



                149
            


                    Black Diamond
                


                2
            



                150
            


                    Brisbane
                


                2
            



                151
            


                    Cagary
                


                2
            



                152
            


                    Calagry
                


                2
            



                153
            


                    Calary
                


                2
            



                154
            


                    Calgaray
                


                2
            



                155
            


                    Calgary 44
                


                2
            



                156
            


                    Calgary Ab
                


                2
            



                157
            


                    Calgay
                


                2
            



                158
            


                    Calgory
                


                2
            



                159
            


                    Calgry
                


                2
            



                160
            


                    Calvary
                


                2
            



                161
            


                    Canada Fort Saskatchewan
                


                2
            



                162
            


                    Canada Medicine Hat
                


                2
            



                163
            


                    Carbon
                


                2
            



                164
            


                    Carseland
                


                2
            



                165
            


                    Champion
                


                2
            



                166
            


                    Claresholm
                


                2
            



                167
            


                    Clgary
                


                2
            



                168
            


                    Cold Lake
                


                2
            



                169
            


                    Delia
                


                2
            



                170
            


                    Dyce Aberdeen Scotland
                


                2
            



                171
            


                    Eckville
                


                2
            



                172
            


                    Edmond
                


                2
            



                173
            


                    Edmondon
                


                2
            



                174
            


                    Edmonton Centre Rpo Edmonton
                


                2
            



                175
            


                    Ellon Aberdeenshire
                


                2
            



                176
            


                    Galcary
                


                2
            



                177
            


                    Gleichen
                


                2
            



                178
            


                    Grassland
                


                2
            



                179
            


                    Guy
                


                2
            



                180
            


                    H Calgary
                


                2
            



                181
            


                    Hanna
                


                2
            



                182
            


                    Heights Ne Calgary
                


                2
            



                183
            


                    Hinton
                


                2
            



                184
            


                    Kintore
                


                2
            



                185
            


                    Lane Ne Calgary
                


                2
            



                186
            


                    Linden
                


                2
            



                187
            


                    Longview
                


                2
            



                188
            


                    Lupul
                


                2
            



                189
            


                    Mannville
                


                2
            



                190
            


                    Marwayne
                


                2
            



                191
            


                    Millarville
                


                2
            



                192
            


                    Noordwijkerhout 2210
                


                2
            



                193
            


                    NW Calgary
                


                2
            



                194
            


                    Red Dear
                


                2
            



                195
            


                    Richmond
                


                2
            



                196
            


                    Riverside
                


                2
            



                197
            


                    S E Calgary
                


                2
            



                198
            


                    S W Calgary
                


                2
            



                199
            


                    San Diego
                


                2
            



                200
            


                    San Giovanni Teatino
                


                2
            



                201
            


                    SE Calgary
                


                2
            



                202
            


                    Sherwook Park
                


                2
            



                203
            


                    St
                


                2
            



                204
            


                    Ste 300 Ontario
                


                2
            



                205
            


                    Stettler
                


                2
            



                206
            


                    Stony Plain Road Edmonton
                


                2
            



                207
            


                    Terra
                


                2
            



                208
            


                    Wembley
                


                2
            



                209
            


                    Westhill
                


                2
            



                210
            





                1
            



                211
            


                    111-10A St NW Upper Level Calgary
                


                1
            



                212
            


                    111-5th Ave S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                213
            


                    1112
                


                1
            



                214
            


                    115-17th Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                215
            


                    1216B-36 Ave Ne Calgary
                


                1
            



                216
            


                    122-2303-4th Street SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                217
            


                    1400350-7th Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                218
            


                    1403A-9 Avenue SE Calgary
                


                1
            



                219
            


                    1530-9th Avenue SE Calgary
                


                1
            



                220
            


                    1624-106th Street Edmonton
                


                1
            



                221
            


                    166-Homestead Cr Edmonton
                


                1
            



                222
            


                    1712-25th Street S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                223
            


                    1811-7th Street SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                224
            


                    1903-37C Ave Elmonton
                


                1
            



                225
            


                    200 Edmonton
                


                1
            



                226
            


                    202-1410-2nd Street S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                227
            


                    204 Jasper Way Banff
                


                1
            



                228
            


                    2100700-9th Avenue S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                229
            


                    211 Ardpssam
                


                1
            



                230
            


                    211 Ardrossan
                


                1
            



                231
            


                    2401 523 Incopark Blvd Calgary
                


                1
            



                232
            


                    2505 Edmonton
                


                1
            



                233
            


                    2518-12th Ave N W Calgary
                


                1
            



                234
            


                    2632-34th Ave N W Calgary
                


                1
            



                235
            


                    304-1020-14 Ave Calgary
                


                1
            



                236
            


                    346-23rd Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                237
            


                    3504-35th Avenue SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                238
            


                    3720-South Parkside Lethbridge
                


                1
            



                239
            


                    3732-43A Avenue Red Deer
                


                1
            



                240
            


                    3819
                


                1
            



                241
            


                    403-540-18 Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                242
            


                    48-27th Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                243
            


                    5 Edmonton
                


                1
            



                244
            


                    5012-49ST Lloydminister
                


                1
            



                245
            


                    506-71st Ave Calgary
                


                1
            



                246
            


                    514-922-5th Ave Calgary
                


                1
            



                247
            


                    514-922-Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                248
            


                    527-47th Avenue S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                249
            


                    562 Ft Sask
                


                1
            



                250
            


                    607-17th Ave Nisku
                


                1
            



                251
            


                    700 Don Mackay Blvd PO Box
                


                1
            



                252
            


                    7331-18th Street Edmonton
                


                1
            



                253
            


                    7911-25th Street NW Edmonton
                


                1
            



                254
            


                    8-1919-69 Avenue SE Calgary
                


                1
            



                255
            


                    8012-44th St Edmonton
                


                1
            



                256
            


                    805-8th Avenue SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                257
            


                    805-8th Avnue SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                258
            


                    8904-60th Avenue NW Edmonton
                


                1
            



                259
            


                    9012-11st Westlock
                


                1
            



                260
            


                    9910-39th Ave Edmonton
                


                1
            



                261
            


                    A8-416 Meridian RD S E Calgary
                


                1
            



                262
            


                    Abderdeen
                


                1
            



                263
            


                    Aberdeen Scotland Uk
                


                1
            



                264
            


                    Aberdeen United Kingdom
                


                1
            



                265
            


                    Aberdeenshire Gb
                


                1
            



                266
            


                    Aberdeenshire Scotland
                


                1
            



                267
            


                    Aberden
                


                1
            



                268
            


                    Aberlour
                


                1
            



                269
            


                    Abu Dhabi
                


                1
            



                270
            


                    Airdpie
                


                1
            



                271
            


                    Airdrie Ab
                


                1
            



                272
            


                    Alameda
                


                1
            



                273
            


                    Alberta T2X 2X7 Canada
                


                1
            



                274
            


                    Alberta Tol 020 Calgery
                


                1
            



                275
            


                    Alix
                


                1
            



                276
            


                    Altens Aberdeen
                


                1
            



                277
            


                    Amsterdam 1075
                


                1
            



                278
            


                    Aruba
                


                1
            



                279
            


                    Athabasca Province of
                


                1
            



                280
            


                    Atlanta
                


                1
            



                281
            


                    Avenue Edmonton
                


                1
            



                282
            


                    Banff Canada
                


                1
            



                283
            


                    Banffshire Scotland
                


                1
            



                284
            


                    Barrio Ortiz Toa
                


                1
            



                285
            


                    Bashaw
                


                1
            



                286
            


                    Bay 12 55 Alberta Avenue Spruce Grove
                


                1
            



                287
            


                    Bay Okotoks
                


                1
            



                288
            


                    Bentley
                


                1
            



                289
            


                    Bergen Sundre
                


                1
            



                290
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                1
            



                291
            


                    Blackburn Aberdeen
                


                1
            



                292
            


                    Blaricum 1260
                


                1
            



                293
            


                    Blindman Ind Park Red Deer County
                


                1
            



                294
            


                    Bonavita Rpo Calgary
                


                1
            



                295
            


                    Bonneville
                


                1
            



                296
            


                    Bowden
                


                1
            



                297
            


                    Breda
                


                1
            



                298
            


                    Bridge of Don Abderdeen
                


                1
            



                299
            


                    Bruderheim
                


                1
            



                300
            


                    C/O 1528-9th Ave SE Calgary
                


                1
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Edmonton, Alberta Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Edmonton, AB Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

Alberta








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Distraction Wear USA Inc.

                                                
                                                    Edmonton, AB
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Danita Short




















                    Recently found companies in Edmonton
                





Company
Found




Greenjacket Inc. Which Will DO Business In California As Greenjacket Cover-Up Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Sirius Controls Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Impulse Downhole Tools USA Ltd.


                2 months ago
            



Synodon Corporation


                2 months ago
            



Distraction Wear USA Inc.


                5 months ago
            



Integnv L.L.C.


                5 months ago
            



Global Construction USA Inc.


                5 months ago
            



Pd U.S.A. Inc.


                5 months ago
            



Superpro Painting Systems International [U.S.A.] Inc.


                5 months ago
            



J.V. Driver Fabricators (2013), Inc.


                5 months ago
            



Adolphe Property Investment LLC


                6 months ago
            



1867674 Alberta Ltd, Inc.


                6 months ago
            



A.L.P Real Estate & Home Solutions Inc


                6 months ago
            



Couros Innovations Ltd.


                9 months ago
            



Metalogic Inspection Services LLC


                1 year ago
            



Yates Texas No 5, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Gardens of Victoria, LLC


                1 year ago
            



Stantec Architecture Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Process Solutions America Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Capital Power Operations (USA) Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Canus Construction, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Translational Research In Oncology, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Katz Holdings (New York) Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Panpacific (Ny) Limited Partnership


                1 year ago
            



Pace Industrial (USA) Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Lifting Solutions Energy Services USA Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Lifting Solutions USA Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Global Innovision Group, Inc


                1 year ago
            



Arc Business Solutions (Nevada) LLC


                1 year ago
            



Arc Business Solutions USA Inc.


                1 year ago
            



1244 Bar Corp.


                1 year ago
            



E&C Resources, Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Stantec Energy & Resources Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Lifting Solutions USA Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Kg (US) Sp Corp.


                1 year ago
            



Cloudtrend Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Cantega Technologies Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Top Health Ingredients Inc.


                1 year ago
            



Camillion Properties, Inc.


                2 years ago
            



Atc Properties, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Charlton Investments Ltd


                2 years ago
            



Urban Sales & Marketing, LLC


                2 years ago
            



Dndk Partners, Inc.


                2 years ago
            



Read Jones Christoffersen Ltd.


                2 years ago
            



Liquor Stores USA Finance Inc.


                2 years ago
            



Liquor Stores USA LLC


                2 years ago
            



L.S.U.S. 22, LLC


                2 years ago
            



L.S.U.S. 21, LLC


                2 years ago
            



L.S.U.S. 20, LLC


                2 years ago
            



L.S.U.S. 19, LLC


                2 years ago
            








Top cities in Alberta





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Calgary
                


                4,698
            



                2
            


                    Edmonton
                


                2,022
            



                3
            


                    Aberdeen
                


                162
            



                4
            


                    Red Deer
                


                127
            



                5
            


                    Sherwood Park
                


                98
            



                6
            


                    Lethbridge
                


                69
            



                7
            


                    St Albert
                


                68
            



                8
            


                    Nisku
                


                58
            



                9
            


                    Medicine Hat
                


                51
            



                10
            


                    Okotoks
                


                45
            



                11
            


                    Airdrie
                


                39
            



                12
            


                    Canmore
                


                39
            



                13
            


                    Fort Saskatchewan
                


                37
            



                14
            


                    Cochrane
                


                36
            



                15
            


                    Leduc
                


                34
            



                16
            


                    Spruce Grove
                


                31
            



                17
            


                    Grande Prairie
                


                27
            



                18
            


                    High River
                


                23
            



                19
            


                    Banff
                


                22
            



                20
            


                    Aberdeenshire
                


                21
            



                21
            


                    Acheson
                


                20
            



                22
            


                    Camrose
                


                20
            



                23
            


                    Olds
                


                20
            



                24
            


                    Chestermere
                


                19
            



                25
            


                    Fort McMurray
                


                17
            



                26
            


                    Dewinton
                


                16
            



                27
            


                    Lloydminster
                


                16
            



                28
            


                    Aberdeen Scotland
                


                14
            



                29
            


                    Calgary Alberta
                


                14
            



                30
            


                    Calgary Canada
                


                13
            



                31
            


                    Dyce Aberdeen
                


                13
            



                32
            


                    Red Deer County
                


                12
            



                33
            


                    Stony Plain
                


                12
            



                34
            


                    Nanton
                


                11
            



                35
            


                    Toa
                


                11
            



                36
            


                    Vega
                


                11
            



                37
            


                    Calagary
                


                10
            



                38
            


                    Cardston
                


                10
            



                39
            


                    Crossfield
                


                10
            



                40
            


                    Galgary
                


                10
            



                41
            


                    Sturgeon County
                


                10
            



                42
            


                    Drayton Valley
                


                9
            



                43
            


                    Lacombe
                


                9
            



                44
            


                    450-1st Street SW Calgary
                


                8
            



                45
            


                    Edmonton Canada
                


                8
            



                46
            


                    Legal
                


                8
            



                47
            


                    Magrath
                


                8
            



                48
            


                    Tofield
                


                8
            



                49
            


                    Westlock
                


                8
            



                50
            


                    Wetaskiwin
                


                8
            



                51
            


                    Sylvan Lake
                


                7
            



                52
            


                    Vegreville
                


                7
            



                53
            


                    Aldersyde
                


                6
            



                54
            


                    Bon Accord
                


                6
            



                55
            


                    Bow Island
                


                6
            



                56
            


                    Brooks
                


                6
            



                57
            


                    Canada Edmonton
                


                6
            



                58
            


                    Deer
                


                6
            



                59
            


                    Fraserburgh
                


                6
            



                60
            


                    Innisfail
                


                6
            



                61
            


                    Park
                


                6
            



                62
            


                    Raymond
                


                6
            



                63
            


                    Seba Beach
                


                6
            



                64
            


                    St Alberta
                


                6
            



                65
            


                    Sundre
                


                6
            



                66
            


                    Taber
                


                6
            



                67
            


                    115-17th Avenue SW Calgary
                


                5
            



                68
            


                    Balzac
                


                5
            



                69
            


                    Banffshire
                


                5
            



                70
            


                    Bridge of Don Aberdeen
                


                5
            



                71
            


                    Canada
                


                5
            



                72
            


                    Coaldale
                


                5
            



                73
            


                    Edmondton
                


                5
            



                74
            


                    Edmonton Alberta
                


                5
            



                75
            


                    Ft Saskatchewan
                


                5
            



                76
            


                    Morinville
                


                5
            



                77
            


                    Ponoka
                


                5
            



                78
            


                    Portlethen Aberdeen
                


                5
            



                79
            


                    Strathmore
                


                5
            



                80
            


                    SW Calgary
                


                5
            



                81
            


                    Westhill Aberdeen
                


                5
            



                82
            


                    Aberdeen Uk
                


                4
            



                83
            


                    Barons
                


                4
            



                84
            


                    Bragg Creek
                


                4
            



                85
            


                    Canada Calgary
                


                4
            



                86
            


                    Dunmore
                


                4
            



                87
            


                    Edmunton
                


                4
            



                88
            


                    Fairview
                


                4
            



                89
            


                    Irricana
                


                4
            



                90
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                4
            



                91
            


                    Pincher Creek
                


                4
            



                92
            


                    Provost
                


                4
            



                93
            


                    Rocky View
                


                4
            



                94
            


                    Rocky View County
                


                4
            



                95
            


                    Rockyview
                


                4
            



                96
            


                    Slave Lake
                


                4
            



                97
            


                    SW
                


                4
            



                98
            


                    Thorsby
                


                4
            



                99
            


                    Vermilion
                


                4
            



                100
            


                    Whitecourt
                


                4
            



                101
            


                    1900700-9th Ave S W Calgary
                


                3
            



                102
            


                    Alberta
                


                3
            



                103
            


                    Ardrossan
                


                3
            



                104
            


                    Beaumont
                


                3
            



                105
            


                    Beaverlodge
                


                3
            



                106
            


                    Blackfalds
                


                3
            



                107
            


                    Bonnyville
                


                3
            



                108
            


                    Breton
                


                3
            



                109
            


                    Calbary
                


                3
            



                110
            


                    Calcary
                


                3
            



                111
            


                    Calgery
                


                3
            



                112
            


                    Calgray
                


                3
            



                113
            


                    Canada Grande Prairie
                


                3
            



                114
            


                    Chestermere Canada
                


                3
            



                115
            


                    Devon
                


                3
            



                116
            


                    Drumheller
                


                3
            



                117
            


                    Fort Macleod
                


                3
            



                118
            


                    Ft McMurray
                


                3
            



                119
            


                    Grand Prairie
                


                3
            



                120
            


                    Huntly Aberdeenshire
                


                3
            



                121
            


                    Inverurie
                


                3
            



                122
            


                    Kintore Aberdeenshire
                


                3
            



                123
            


                    Millet
                


                3
            



                124
            


                    Redcliff
                


                3
            



                125
            


                    Scotland
                


                3
            



                126
            


                    Sherwood Park Canada
                


                3
            



                127
            


                    St Paul
                


                3
            



                128
            


                    Wainwright
                


                3
            



                129
            


                    Westhill Aberdeenshire
                


                3
            



                130
            


                    1400 Calgary
                


                2
            



                131
            


                    1903-37C Ave Edmonton
                


                2
            



                132
            


                    2006 Calgary
                


                2
            



                133
            


                    450-1st Street S W Calgary
                


                2
            



                134
            


                    Aberdeen Aberdeenshire
                


                2
            



                135
            


                    Aberdeen Sc
                


                2
            



                136
            


                    Aberdeen Scottland
                


                2
            



                137
            


                    Aberlour Banffshire
                


                2
            



                138
            


                    Aberlour-On-Spey
                


                2
            



                139
            


                    Acme
                


                2
            



                140
            


                    Albert
                


                2
            



                141
            


                    Athabasca
                


                2
            



                142
            


                    Ave Edmonton
                


                2
            



                143
            


                    Ave SW Calgary
                


                2
            



                144
            


                    Ballindalloch
                


                2
            



                145
            


                    Banchory
                


                2
            



                146
            


                    Barrhead
                


                2
            



                147
            


                    Bay 7 Leduc
                


                2
            



                148
            


                    Beiseker
                


                2
            



                149
            


                    Black Diamond
                


                2
            



                150
            


                    Brisbane
                


                2
            



                151
            


                    Cagary
                


                2
            



                152
            


                    Calagry
                


                2
            



                153
            


                    Calary
                


                2
            



                154
            


                    Calgaray
                


                2
            



                155
            


                    Calgary 44
                


                2
            



                156
            


                    Calgary Ab
                


                2
            



                157
            


                    Calgay
                


                2
            



                158
            


                    Calgory
                


                2
            



                159
            


                    Calgry
                


                2
            



                160
            


                    Calvary
                


                2
            



                161
            


                    Canada Fort Saskatchewan
                


                2
            



                162
            


                    Canada Medicine Hat
                


                2
            



                163
            


                    Carbon
                


                2
            



                164
            


                    Carseland
                


                2
            



                165
            


                    Champion
                


                2
            



                166
            


                    Claresholm
                


                2
            



                167
            


                    Clgary
                


                2
            



                168
            


                    Cold Lake
                


                2
            



                169
            


                    Delia
                


                2
            



                170
            


                    Dyce Aberdeen Scotland
                


                2
            



                171
            


                    Eckville
                


                2
            



                172
            


                    Edmond
                


                2
            



                173
            


                    Edmondon
                


                2
            



                174
            


                    Edmonton Centre Rpo Edmonton
                


                2
            



                175
            


                    Ellon Aberdeenshire
                


                2
            



                176
            


                    Galcary
                


                2
            



                177
            


                    Gleichen
                


                2
            



                178
            


                    Grassland
                


                2
            



                179
            


                    Guy
                


                2
            



                180
            


                    H Calgary
                


                2
            



                181
            


                    Hanna
                


                2
            



                182
            


                    Heights Ne Calgary
                


                2
            



                183
            


                    Hinton
                


                2
            



                184
            


                    Kintore
                


                2
            



                185
            


                    Lane Ne Calgary
                


                2
            



                186
            


                    Linden
                


                2
            



                187
            


                    Longview
                


                2
            



                188
            


                    Lupul
                


                2
            



                189
            


                    Mannville
                


                2
            



                190
            


                    Marwayne
                


                2
            



                191
            


                    Millarville
                


                2
            



                192
            


                    Noordwijkerhout 2210
                


                2
            



                193
            


                    NW Calgary
                


                2
            



                194
            


                    Red Dear
                


                2
            



                195
            


                    Richmond
                


                2
            



                196
            


                    Riverside
                


                2
            



                197
            


                    S E Calgary
                


                2
            



                198
            


                    S W Calgary
                


                2
            



                199
            


                    San Diego
                


                2
            



                200
            


                    San Giovanni Teatino
                


                2
            



                201
            


                    SE Calgary
                


                2
            



                202
            


                    Sherwook Park
                


                2
            



                203
            


                    St
                


                2
            



                204
            


                    Ste 300 Ontario
                


                2
            



                205
            


                    Stettler
                


                2
            



                206
            


                    Stony Plain Road Edmonton
                


                2
            



                207
            


                    Terra
                


                2
            



                208
            


                    Wembley
                


                2
            



                209
            


                    Westhill
                


                2
            



                210
            





                1
            



                211
            


                    111-10A St NW Upper Level Calgary
                


                1
            



                212
            


                    111-5th Ave S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                213
            


                    1112
                


                1
            



                214
            


                    115-17th Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                215
            


                    1216B-36 Ave Ne Calgary
                


                1
            



                216
            


                    122-2303-4th Street SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                217
            


                    1400350-7th Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                218
            


                    1403A-9 Avenue SE Calgary
                


                1
            



                219
            


                    1530-9th Avenue SE Calgary
                


                1
            



                220
            


                    1624-106th Street Edmonton
                


                1
            



                221
            


                    166-Homestead Cr Edmonton
                


                1
            



                222
            


                    1712-25th Street S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                223
            


                    1811-7th Street SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                224
            


                    1903-37C Ave Elmonton
                


                1
            



                225
            


                    200 Edmonton
                


                1
            



                226
            


                    202-1410-2nd Street S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                227
            


                    204 Jasper Way Banff
                


                1
            



                228
            


                    2100700-9th Avenue S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                229
            


                    211 Ardpssam
                


                1
            



                230
            


                    211 Ardrossan
                


                1
            



                231
            


                    2401 523 Incopark Blvd Calgary
                


                1
            



                232
            


                    2505 Edmonton
                


                1
            



                233
            


                    2518-12th Ave N W Calgary
                


                1
            



                234
            


                    2632-34th Ave N W Calgary
                


                1
            



                235
            


                    304-1020-14 Ave Calgary
                


                1
            



                236
            


                    346-23rd Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                237
            


                    3504-35th Avenue SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                238
            


                    3720-South Parkside Lethbridge
                


                1
            



                239
            


                    3732-43A Avenue Red Deer
                


                1
            



                240
            


                    3819
                


                1
            



                241
            


                    403-540-18 Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                242
            


                    48-27th Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                243
            


                    5 Edmonton
                


                1
            



                244
            


                    5012-49ST Lloydminister
                


                1
            



                245
            


                    506-71st Ave Calgary
                


                1
            



                246
            


                    514-922-5th Ave Calgary
                


                1
            



                247
            


                    514-922-Ave SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                248
            


                    527-47th Avenue S W Calgary
                


                1
            



                249
            


                    562 Ft Sask
                


                1
            



                250
            


                    607-17th Ave Nisku
                


                1
            



                251
            


                    700 Don Mackay Blvd PO Box
                


                1
            



                252
            


                    7331-18th Street Edmonton
                


                1
            



                253
            


                    7911-25th Street NW Edmonton
                


                1
            



                254
            


                    8-1919-69 Avenue SE Calgary
                


                1
            



                255
            


                    8012-44th St Edmonton
                


                1
            



                256
            


                    805-8th Avenue SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                257
            


                    805-8th Avnue SW Calgary
                


                1
            



                258
            


                    8904-60th Avenue NW Edmonton
                


                1
            



                259
            


                    9012-11st Westlock
                


                1
            



                260
            


                    9910-39th Ave Edmonton
                


                1
            



                261
            


                    A8-416 Meridian RD S E Calgary
                


                1
            



                262
            


                    Abderdeen
                


                1
            



                263
            


                    Aberdeen Scotland Uk
                


                1
            



                264
            


                    Aberdeen United Kingdom
                


                1
            



                265
            


                    Aberdeenshire Gb
                


                1
            



                266
            


                    Aberdeenshire Scotland
                


                1
            



                267
            


                    Aberden
                


                1
            



                268
            


                    Aberlour
                


                1
            



                269
            


                    Abu Dhabi
                


                1
            



                270
            


                    Airdpie
                


                1
            



                271
            


                    Airdrie Ab
                


                1
            



                272
            


                    Alameda
                


                1
            



                273
            


                    Alberta T2X 2X7 Canada
                


                1
            



                274
            


                    Alberta Tol 020 Calgery
                


                1
            



                275
            


                    Alix
                


                1
            



                276
            


                    Altens Aberdeen
                


                1
            



                277
            


                    Amsterdam 1075
                


                1
            



                278
            


                    Aruba
                


                1
            



                279
            


                    Athabasca Province of
                


                1
            



                280
            


                    Atlanta
                


                1
            



                281
            


                    Avenue Edmonton
                


                1
            



                282
            


                    Banff Canada
                


                1
            



                283
            


                    Banffshire Scotland
                


                1
            



                284
            


                    Barrio Ortiz Toa
                


                1
            



                285
            


                    Bashaw
                


                1
            



                286
            


                    Bay 12 55 Alberta Avenue Spruce Grove
                


                1
            



                287
            


                    Bay Okotoks
                


                1
            



                288
            


                    Bentley
                


                1
            



                289
            


                    Bergen Sundre
                


                1
            



                290
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                1
            



                291
            


                    Blackburn Aberdeen
                


                1
            



                292
            


                    Blaricum 1260
                


                1
            



                293
            


                    Blindman Ind Park Red Deer County
                


                1
            



                294
            


                    Bonavita Rpo Calgary
                


                1
            



                295
            


                    Bonneville
                


                1
            



                296
            


                    Bowden
                


                1
            



                297
            


                    Breda
                


                1
            



                298
            


                    Bridge of Don Abderdeen
                


                1
            



                299
            


                    Bruderheim
                


                1
            



                300
            


                    C/O 1528-9th Ave SE Calgary
                


                1
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.














﻿

Welcome to NEXGEN - A Pro-Line Company.  Enviromentally friendly 
	products.























                    Environmentally Friendly Industrial Products  A Pro-Line Company
                

NEXGEN













                                Environmentally Friendly Industrial Products
 We are a leading provider of top-quality industrial propducts supplies nationwide.  We are the brand you trust, and offer money-saving alternatives to suit any budget.




Ready-to-use cleaning, degreasing and maintaining solutions
 Nexgen offers a wide selection of 
industrial chemicals that are 
immediately available at the most
competitive prices. 




Safe and innovative industrial products
  Most of Nexgen's products are Earth Friendly, completely biodegradable, and do not contain any harmful and dangerous compounds. 




Fast and Reliable Nationwide Distribution
We ship daily and strive to deliver your product accuratly and safely on time. 









Welcome


                        
                        NEXGEN products meet your business needs of  all types: Cleaners, Environmentally friendly 
                        solvents and degreasers, greases & lubricants, water treatments, drain maintainers, 
                        hand protective cleaners and skin shields, air fresheners, insecticides and many more specialty items!


    




Products
SDS









Top Quality
all our products meet or exceed all government standards


 fast shipping
We all are working to help our customers, quickly and efficiently. 


 earth friendly
Most of our products are non-toxic and readily-biodegradable 


 years of experience
                        
Decades of industry experience  We know our 
						products.










management
Support
solutions








Our highly trained sales staff is the backbone of 
											our company


                                            
                                            
                                            The training begins with comprehensive field training for the first 3 months. After that, there is ongoing training for the duration of the first year. Our sales staff is second to none, always working to solve problems with products that always perform.
                                            
    

Contact us >>









We have a full customer service and technical service department


                                            
                                            
                                            All behind the scenes support staff are skilled, trained, dedicated and polite. 
                                            We all are working to help our customers, quickly and efficiently. 
                                            The company philosophy is simple, a happy customer is a loyal customer. 
                                            We are loyal to our customers, and hope to gain their loyalty in return.
                                            
    

About us >>









By selectively searching for unique products, NEXGEN is at the forefront of the industry. 


                                            
                                            We started with a limited line of 
											specialized industrial chemicals, 
											formulated to exceed all market 
											standards. From our humble beginning 
											of 25 products, are line now exceeds 
											400 custom products. All 
											formulations are environmentally 
											concerned, and meet or exceed all 
											government standards. 
											
    

Product Line 
											>>







 Contact Sales
View all Products






Environmentally Friendly  Industrial Products






Housekeeping and Janitorial 


                        
                        We know the importance of a clean environment, and what bacteria can cause if a site 
                        is not cleansed adequately and thoroughly. We work hard to deliver amazing janitorial 
                        and housekeeping products that are safe for the enviroment. 
                        
    

Learn more

Facilities and Maintenance


    
    
                        We proudly deliver the highest quality products in the industry. Our dedicated sales and support 
                        team of experts provides customized solutions for all your needs. 
                        
    

Learn more

Cleaners and Degreasers


                        
                        
                        NEXGEN offers environmentally-safe cleaning products for a wide variety of substrates and applications for optimum cleaning performance.
                        
    

Learn more







 

About Nexgen

  NEXT GENERATION INDUSTRIES INC., dba NEXGEN, was established in November 1994.
                        
    					NEXGEN was founded by a brother and sister team, with over 35 years of industry experience 
						combined.. 
This experience dictated a simple, straight forward way of conducting business; our customers are our most important assets. Every order counts, as well as every customer. 
.
                            
                            NEXGEN’s mission is to provide the next generation of products and service to this generations customers.







Use our proven 
                    Environmentally Friendly Industrial Products 







12/04/2015
 Our Experience of over 25 years 


                            
                            NEXGEN was founded by a brother and sister team, with over 35 years of industry experience combined. 
                            This experience dictated a simple, straightforward way of conducting business; our customers are our most important assets.
                            
    

Join our team

12/04/2015
 We are at the forefront of the Industry 


                            
                            Our product line now exceeds 400 custom products. All formulations are environmentally concerned, 
                            and meet or exceed all government standards. By selectively searching for unique products, 
                            NEXGEN is at the forefront of the industry.
                            
    

Contact us

12/04/2015
 Our Sales and Support staff is Second to None


                            
                            NEXGEN’s highly trained sales staff is the backbone of the company. Our sales staff 
                            is second to none, always working to solve problems with products that always perform.
                            
    

Join our team

12/04/2015
 Need a SDS or Tech Sheet for a product?


                            NEXGEN has a full service website where you can download documents 
                            and learn more about our earth friendly and biodegradable products.
                            
    

Request SDS






Popular Products

































View all





Testimonials



Coming soon
Satisified customer.




Coming soon.
our customer.




Coming soon
happy customer.


























Ambulatory EHR/EMR (Electronic Health/Medical Records) Software | NextGen Healthcare










































































































Have we met?





                    EMBRACE VALUE-BASED CARE WITH CONFIDENCE
                

                    NextGen Healthcare solutions and services help practices transform to and succeed in value-based care and measurably improve patient outcomes and population health at lower costs.
                

Better Together!
Entrada joins NextGen Healthcare to deliver the very best mobile platform!
                


































































How well do you know us?

                    Sure, our roots are EHR (electronic health records) and practice management, but we’ve evolved over the past 25 years
                

                    Today we help providers improve community health and facilitate collaborative care for 150 million patients. From transitioning to new value-based care models, to leveraging cloud technology and improving the revenue cycle, our solutions and services help ambulatory practices thrive, delivering better care and improved outcomes at less cost, and placing patients at the center.
                













                        EHR
                    


                    An ambulatory EHR system that thinks like a doctor
                

                    NextGen Ambulatory EHR is simple, fast, intuitive, and interoperable so you focus more on care. Plus, it’s integrated with our solutions suite for more efficiency, increased revenue, and faster payments.
                

Learn More



















                        Population Health
                    


                    Enable better individual care, healthier communities
                

                    Value-based care models demand better population health at less cost. We'll help you improve engagement and outcomes, identify at-risk patients, close care gaps, automate outreach, coordinate care, and easily manage patients with chronic conditions. The result… healthier communities, reduced care costs, and a healthy bottom line for you.
                

Learn More

















                        Analytics
                    


                    Gain insight, take action, drive better outcomes
                

                    Analytics are fundamental to value-based care. We seamlessly transform disparate data into actionable information for better decisions; target interventions, engage high-risk and rising-risk patients and populations, and increase your community’s health. 
                

Learn More



















                        Interoperability
                    


                    2016 "ConCert by HIMSS™" interoperability certification award
                

                    Value-based care is impossible without seeing the entire picture. Our baked-in interoperability enables multiple, disparate systems to securely share data for complete visibility to patient and population health information. We already facilitate care for 150 million patients. We can help you too.
                

                    Learn More about:
                    

Interoperability


Mirth Solutions


















                        Care Management
                    


                    Access data. Evaluate risk. Coordinate care. Engage patients. Improve outcomes. Repeat.
                

                    We can help you achieve an optimal level of population wellness and improve care coordination and outcomes, especially important for rising risk and chronically ill patients.
                

                    Learn More about:
                


Population Health




















                        RCM Services, Practice Management & EDI, and Clearinghouse
                    


                    100% trusted partner
                

                    You practice medicine and improve outcomes...we’ll handle your value-based reimbursements. We’ll automate tasks, streamline workflows, optimize resources, reduce claim denials, speed and increase payments. Demonstrate value-based measures and accomplish more in less time, with less overhead. 
                

                    Learn More about:
                    

Practice Management


RCM


EDI & Clearinghouse


















                        Patient Engagement
                    


                    Engaged patients create healthy communities
                

                    Patient engagement is the engine that drives better outcomes, healthier communities, and lower costs. Our integrated patient engagement solutions automate engagement and involve your patients in their own care and ongoing wellness and make patient engagement easy. 
                

Learn More
























Contact Us
To help us best respond to your request, please fill out the form below to be contacted by a NextGen Healthcare associate. We look forward to having a conversation with you.

I am a *
Client
Potential Buyer
Vendor
Consultant
Reseller
Media
Job Candidate



Inquiry Type *
Product Interest
Support Inquiry







State
AK
AL
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VA
VT
WA
WI
WV
WY



Specialty
Anesthesiology
Asthma & Allergy
Audiology
Behavioral Health / Mental Health
Billing Service
Cardiology
Community Health Center / FQHC
Corrections
Critical Access Hospital
Dental / Oral Surgery
Dermatology
Endocrinology
ENT / Otolaryngology
Gastrointestinal
General Surgery
Hospital / Health System
Infectious Disease
Multi-specialty
Nephrology
Neurology
Neurosurgery
OB/GYN
Occupational Medicine
Oncology / Hematology
Ophthalmology
Orthopedics
Other
Pain Management
Pediatrics
Planned Parenthood
Podiatry
Primary Care / Internal Med / Family Med
Pulmonology
Radiology
Rheumatology
Rural Health Center
Sports Medicine
Tribal Health
Urgent Care
Urology


COMMENTS:

Contact Us






















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














next gen water - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Water-Resistant Gypsum - For Commercial Construction.



Ad
 ·
USG.com/​GypsumBoard



For Commercial Construction. Reduce Costly Construction Errors!





Vapor-Resistant Sheathing



Air-Barrier Drywall



Securock® ExoAir® 430




Moisture Resistant Board



Faster Construction



From USG and Tremco





Holiday Sale Water Ionizer - - 2017's Best Deals & Sales Now



Ad
 ·
www.bawellwaterionizers.com



Lowest Prices eXtra Free Filters & 60 Day 100% Return Policy Lifetime Warranty




How Is Water Ionized - How Is Water Ionized.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​Business



How Is Water Ionized. Find Business & Industrial Articles





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles
















Next Gen Publishing




Next Gen Publishing is an Indian publishing company. It was created in 2005 by its parent companies Forbes Group, a subsidiary of Shapoorji Pallonji Group, and HDFC Bank. Hoshang Billimoria

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Six next-gen battery technologies - Engadget

https://www.engadget.com/2016/10/08/six-next-gen-battery-technologies


Six next-gen battery technologies. ... while this single-use battery dissolves in water when its job is done, making it easier to reuse its components. ...


The iPhone 7's best new feature is water resistance - Engadget

https://www.engadget.com/2016/09/08/the-iphone-7s-best-new-feature...


Engadget giveaway: Win a ... But the iPhone maker buried the lead with its launch by barely touching on the next-gen phones' actual best feature: water ...


Inventor Of The Super Soaker Is Supporting The Next ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/...young-engineers_us_59355c46e4b075bff0f51854


Inventor Of The Super Soaker Is Supporting The Next Generation Of Engineers Lonnie Johnson is helping to fund high school robotics teams.


Harvesting next-gen technologies for the farm | TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/2016/12/07/harvesting-next-gen-technologies...


Harvesting next-gen technologies for the farm. Posted Dec 7, 2016 by Michael Dix ... Water will gain more attention, but not for economic reasons.


Apple *officially* unveils the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus ...

https://techcrunch.com/2016/09/07/apple-officially-unveils-the...


But Apple is finally unveiling the next-gen ... We already know that it's water ... Robotics Join TechCrunch next week in Boston as we explore what ...


Watch the US launch a next-gen weather satellite at 5:10PM ET

https://www.engadget.com/2016/11/19/goes-r-weather-satellite-launch


If all goes according to plan, the US is about to enter a new era of weather tracking. The United Launch Alliance is scheduled to launch the first instance ...


How to Save When You Buy Your Next Water Heater - AOL

https://www.aol.com/.../10/17/save-money-new-water-heater/21249851


When choosing a water heater you should consider not only the number of gallons the tank holds, ... How to Save When You Buy Your Next Water Heater.


NOAA's next-gen weather satellite sends back its first images

https://www.engadget.com/2017/01/24/noaa-goes-16-first-images


NOAA's and NASA's GOES-R weather satellite has beamed back its first set of images, a couple of months after it left the planet. The spacecraft that's now ...


NASA is running out of functional spacewalk suits

https://www.engadget.com/2017/04/27/nasa-is-running-out-of-spacesuits


NASA already spent over $200 million on developing a next-gen ... NASA is running out of functional spacewalk suits. ... flooded his helmet with water.


Nextgen - Clear Lake, WI - autoblog.com

www.autoblog.com/car-dealers/353115627-son+auto+&+water+sports


Views cars for sale, read user reviews, request price quotes and get contact info for Nextgen.










Water-Resistant Gypsum - For Commercial Construction.



Ad
 ·
USG.com/​GypsumBoard



For Commercial Construction. Reduce Costly Construction Errors!





Vapor-Resistant Sheathing



Air-Barrier Drywall



Securock® ExoAir® 430




Moisture Resistant Board



Faster Construction



From USG and Tremco





Holiday Sale Water Ionizer - - 2017's Best Deals & Sales Now



Ad
 ·
www.bawellwaterionizers.com



Lowest Prices eXtra Free Filters & 60 Day 100% Return Policy Lifetime Warranty




How Is Water Ionized - How Is Water Ionized.



Ad
 ·
Reference.com/​Business



How Is Water Ionized. Find Business & Industrial Articles





Browse Education



Browse Health



Browse Finance



Browse Vehicles




Searches related tonext gen water



buy water gen




12345Next

Related Searches



buy water gen




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








