





Peiser, Robert A. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Robert A. Peiser
Robert A. Peiser is President and Chief Executive Officer of Imperial
Sugar Company, a $1.1 billion, Houston-based refiner and marketer of
sugar products to retail and industrial customers. He has operated in a
number of roles to successfully finance, restore profitability to, or
otherwise create value in a large number of companies in a variety of
industries. Currently, he has created a strong balance sheet from a
distressed situation, has rationalized capacity and has begun to create
value added margins in a commodity product line through customer
partnerships and creative brand strategies. Prior to this role, he was
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Vitality Beverages,
Inc., a $500 million privately-owned Tampa-based company which sells
juice and other beverage products to the foodservice market and private
label juice products to retail establishments. He led a significant
operational turnaround and a series of acquisitions and divestitures
that gave the company a significant presence in its core markets and
eliminated non-core activities. Previously, Mr. Peiser served a number
of companies in need of turnaround management in both a CEO and/or CFO
capacity. He has operated in a number of industries, including airlines,
food processing, retailing, distribution and telecommunications.
Probably his highest profile assignment was while he was Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of St. Louis-based Trans World
Airlines, Inc., where he was widely credited with being the architect of
that company’s successful 1995 financial restructuring. He had 10 years
of prior experience with TWA during two five-year periods beginning in
1972 and 1982, respectively, and served as its Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer during its takeover battle with Carl Icahn. Mr.
Peiser began his career with TWA, but, early on, also served in a number
of financial roles at RCA Corporation and its subsidiary, Hertz
Corporation. He received a Bachelor’s Degree in Economics from the
University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Harvard University. He is
currently a member of the Board of Directors of Ascent Assurance, Inc.,
Kitty Hawk, Inc., and Pinnacle Airlines, and serves on the Council of
Overseers at the Jones Business School of Rice University.  He
previously served as an outside director of Phar-Mor, Inc., and Ascent
Assurance, Inc., following their respective emergence from Chapter 11,
and Microware Systems, Inc.  He is a past member of the Board of the
Tampa Bay Partnership and Chairman of its International Leadership
Advisory Council, a past Trustee of the Leukemia Society and a past
member of the Boards of the Denver Metro and Colorado Springs Chambers
of Commerce.
Related Interviews:ROBERT PEISER - IMPERIAL SUGAR COMPANY (IPSU)March 29, 2004Robert Peiser - Imperial Sugar CompanyMarch 04, 2004Robert Peiser - Imperial Sugar Company (ipsu)April 14, 2003Robert Peiser - Imperial Sugar Company (ipsu)June 10, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google







































Moneymakers: Robert Peiser - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/business/article/Moneymakers-Robert-Peiser-1557752.php



Moneymakers: Robert Peiser
MONEYMAKERSClosing in Sugar Land reduces Imperial debt


BILL HENSEL Jr., Copyright 2005 Houston Chronicle


        Published 6:30 am, Friday, January 14, 2005
    



































































Robert Peiser came to Houston less than three years ago as president, chief executive officer and a director of Imperial Sugar in Sugar Land. The company has about 200 employees in the Houston area and roughly 1,200 nationwide.
Before Imperial, Peiser served as chairman and chief executive of Florida-based Vitality Beverages, a $500 million privately owned beverage company.
He also held management positions at CV Services International, Western Pacific Airlines, FoxMeyer Drug Co. and Trans World Airlines. Peiser spoke with Chronicle reporter Bill Hensel Jr. about changes that have been made at the company.




 (Story continues below ... )




Latest News Video




 
Q: You were brought in as a turnaround guy at Imperial Sugar back in 2002. What has transpired at the company since that time?

A: The company has come a long way from when this management team first came in.
At that time, the company had quite a bit of debt on its balance sheet and was struggling with earnings, but since then we have been able to reduce debt significantly and improve earnings, at least through the end of the last fiscal year.
Q: How has the company been able to do that?

A: I think if you look at the margins of the company, we have taken a lot of costs out by rationalizing some of the capacity.
It is pretty well known we closed the refinery in Sugar Land, which was very difficult and emotional, but it was inefficient. That allows us to reduce the cost of our operation and improve our margins.
We have focused quite a bit on brands in an effort to improve that part of the business. We have become much more innovative in the packaging and have established processes in the company and cultures in the company that are much more conducive to a well-managed operation.
Q: In addition to the food and beverage industry, you have spent quite a bit of time in the airline industry. What is your take about what is occurring with the airlines and how it relates to other businesses?

A: There obviously are wrenching changes occurring in the industry as lower-cost competitors work to gain greater footholds and the industry finds it impossible to pass on costs it can't control, namely energy costs. The leaders in those companies have a very difficult time in trying to maintain a morale that is extremely important in a service industry and at the same time reduce the cost of that labor component.
Q: You mentioned energy as it relates to airlines, but Imperial in its last earnings report also cited energy as a high cost. How so?

A: Energy is a big component of ours, and like the airline business, we have difficulty passing that on. Our prices for refined sugar to our customers are more based on our cost of raw sugar than any component, and you have to eat all the increases in energy costs. We made the statement a month ago that if energy costs stayed at the level they were, energy costs would be about $12 million higher in 2005 than in 2004. That is something that is difficult to deal with over time, but you have to strive to, with increased efficiencies and new product innovations. But it is going to make 2005 a challenging year.
Q: What other challenges do you expect to face this year?

A: The margins are very dependent on the size of the beet sugar crop, and the beet crop has been relatively high, so the margins have been low. We have been able to overcome that because of improvements made on the cost side of the company and expanding new product initiatives. But industry conditions remain difficult, which is one of the reasons we are moving away from the pure commodity side of the business and are emphasizing our brands and new packaging developments.
We have talked a lot about our new packaging, but much of the improvement hasn't been seen on the bottom line yet because it is new, and you don't necessarily make money in the first few months of a new product.
bill.hensel@chron.com
 














Latest from the Chron.com Homepage

Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.









Happening Now
 



Death toll rises in immigrant tragedy at Walmart
Unruly passenger on flight forces landing in Houston
Teen arrested for allegedly burying an infant alive
J.J. Watt's health, contract concerns highlighted

 
















Trending
 



Woman gets candid of what endometriosis really is like
Houston dog show features hilariously-painted poodles
Worst Houston restaurant violations this week
Luxurious TX vacation rentals you can actually afford
More than 90 hospitalized during rapper's show
Texas celeb robbed after Instagram vacation posts
These home builders are dominating Houston
Houston man must pay child support for kid that's not his
Texas Float Fest 2017 off to a hot start

 








Fans create epic memes for 'Game of Thrones' episode (SPOILERS)
MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS
Bill would stop Trump's ability to self-pardon
TSU law knocked for gender discrimination
Man indicted for attacking grieving mother
Shooting in front of Katy Cheddar's wounds 2








Drake’s pool party was city’s hottest event
Drake parties at his pop-up Houston strip club
Celeb spotting during Houston Appreciation Weekend








23 most stunning Texas maternity photos
Pro wrestler, new mom Brooke Adams on TLC's 'Rattled'
Photos: Celebrity mother-daughter look-alikes








These Houston schools have the worst SAT scores
Which colleges have the best bang-for-the-buck?
Texas ranks among best states to make a living in 2017



 

 

 




 































More Business News
 



Retail Wrap: Doris Metropolitan to offer passers-by a look at...
Real estate in brief: 80-room hotel near 610 South is sold
Construction woes reflected in latest jobs report
U.S. oil producers idle two rigs
Homebuilder stocks showing strong in 2017
Canada to install electric car charging stations along...

 

 




 




Most Read






1

Houston man must pay child support for kid that's not his



2

27-year-old going through menopause shares candid photo of...



3

Fans react to 'Game of Thrones' Episode 2 'Stormborn' with...



4

Drake’s Houston Appreciation Weekend pool party was city’s...



5

Unruly passenger on United flight forces landing in Houston



6

Ohio prosecutor: Infant whose remains found was born alive



7

San Antonio death toll in 'horrific' human trafficking reaches 9



8

All-inclusive, 5-star resorts in Mexico accused of drugging...



9

How Houston Texans players spent their offseason



10

J.J. Watt's health, contract concerns highlight 10 Texans...








Small Business Guide

Business Diversity Training
How to Sync Outlook Including Recurring Events
How to Save a Microsoft Publisher File as an Image File
Importance of an Employee's Role in Appraisal
How to Change a Business Name for an EIN






 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 


































Robert A. Peiser | Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice University
























Skip to main content




 











Robert A. Peiser




Retired CEO & President Imperial Sugar CompanyRobert A. Peiser has successfully financed, restored profitability to, or otherwise created value in a large number of companies in a variety of industries. He is currently Vice Chairman of the Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Signature Group Holdings, a Los Angeles-based public financial services company. Previously, he was CEO of Omniflight, Inc., a Dallas-based, private helicopter air rescue company. Before this position he was President and CEO of Imperial Sugar Company, a Houston-based refiner and marketer of sugar products to retail, foodservice and industrial customers. 

Previously, Mr. Peiser served a variety of companies in need of turnaround management in both a CEO and/or CFO capacity. Just prior to Imperial, he was Chairman and CEO of Tampa-based Vitality Beverages. He has operated in a variety of industries, including transportation services, food processing, retailing, distribution and telecommunications. 

Mr. Peiser began his career with TWA, and also served in a number of financial roles at RCA Corporation and, its then subsidiary, Hertz Corporation. His highest profile assignment was while he was executive vice president and chief financial officer of St. Louis-based Trans World Airlines, Inc., where he was widely credited with being the architect of that Company’s successful 1995 financial restructuring. He was also TWA’s chief financial officer in the mid-1980’s during its takeover battle with Carl Icahn. 

In addition to his Board service at Signature, Mr. Peiser is on the Board of Directors of two other public companies: Solutia, Inc (where he is chairman of its Governance Committee and a member of its Audit Committee), and Team, Inc. (where he serves on its Compensation and Executive Committees). He is also Chairman of the Board of America’s Powersports, a privately-owned chain of dealerships selling motorcycles and other sports vehicles. He previously served as an outside director of several public and private companies: Kitty Hawk, Phar-Mor and Ascent Assurance, following their respective emergence from Chapter 11, as well as Pinnacle Airlines, Audio Visual Services Corp., Precision Partners and Microware Systems.

Mr. Peiser is the Chairman of the Texas TriCities Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors; Chairman of the Audience Development and Marketing Committee of the Board of Trustees of the Houston Symphony, as well as a member of its Executive and Finance Committees; and Vice Chairman of the Development Committee of the Houston Area Women’s Center. He also serves on the Dean’s Council of Overseers at Rice University’s Jones Graduate School of Business. He is a past member of the Board of the Tampa Bay Partnership and Chairman of its International Leadership Advisory Council, a past Trustee of the Leukemia Society and a past member of the Boards of the Denver Metro and Colorado Springs Chambers of Commerce. 

He received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania and a MBA in Finance from Harvard University.

 


 








Robert A. Peiser
Retired CEO & President Imperial Sugar Company


 

 


 
 
 
 
 







Robert Peiser, Omniflight Helicopters Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Robert Peiser

Former Chairman/CEO,
Omniflight Helicopters Inc






Career History




Vice Chairman
USA Truck Inc, 8/2012-11/2012


Vice Chairman
Signature Group Holdings Inc, UNKNOWN-5/2011


Chairman/CEO
Omniflight Helicopters Inc, 2/2008-6/2010


Vice Chairman
Imperial Sugar Co, 1/2008-1/2009


President/CEO
Imperial Sugar Co, 4/2002-1/2008


Chairman/CEO
Vitality Beverages Inc, 7/1999-2/2002


Executive VP/CFO
Trans World Airlines Inc, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:

7211 South Peroria Street
Englewood, CO 4199
United States


Phone:
1-303-792-7400


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



President & Fellows of Harvard College
MBA


University of Pennsylvania
Bachelor's Degree, Economics








Memberships



Board Memberships




Suncoke Energy Inc


Board Member, 3/2016-PRESENT




USA Truck Inc


Chairman, 11/2012-PRESENT




Omniflight Helicopters Inc


Board Member, 6/2010-PRESENT




Standard Register Co


Board Member, 10/2013-11/2015




Primary Energy Recycling Corp


Chairman, 6/2013-12/2014




USA Truck Inc


Vice Chairman, 8/2012-11/2012




USA Truck Inc


Board Member, 2/2012-8/2012




Signature Group Holdings Inc


Vice Chairman, 2010-5/2011




Omniflight Helicopters Inc


Chairman, 2/2008-6/2010




Imperial Sugar Co


Vice Chairman, 1/2008-1/2009




Imperial Sugar Co


Board Member, 4/2002-1/2008




Kitty Hawk Inc


Board Member, 10/2002-5/2005




Ascent Assurance Inc


Board Member, 1999-2003




Vitality Beverages Inc


Chairman, 7/1999-2/2002




Solutia Inc


Board Member, 2008-UNKNOWN




Team Inc


Board Member, 2006-UNKNOWN




Pinnacle Airlines Corp


Board Member, 1/2003-UNKNOWN



Show More





Other Memberships




Natl Assn of Corp Directors


Chairman









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Robert Peiser - Imperial Sugar Company - The Wall Street Transcript
















































 






































Consumer >> CEO Interviews >> March 4, 2004 Robert Peiser – Imperial Sugar Company
Robert A. Peiser is President and Chief Executive Officer of Imperial
Sugar Company, a $1.1 billion, Houston-based refiner and marketer of
sugar products to retail and industrial customers. He has operated in a
number of roles to successfully finance, restore profitability to, or
otherwise create value in a large number of companies in a variety of
industries. Currently, he has created a strong balance sheet from a
distressed situation, has rationalized capacity and has begun to create
value added margins in a commodity product line through customer
partnerships and creative brand strategies. Prior to this role, he was
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Vitality Beverages,
Inc., a $500 million privately-owned Tampa-based company which sells
juice and other beverage products to the foodservice market and private
label juice products to retail establishments. He led a significant
operational turnaround and a series of acquisitions and divestitures
that gave the company a significant presence in its core markets and
eliminated non-core activities. Previously, Mr. Peiser served a number
of companies in need of turnaround management in both a CEO and/or CFO
capacity. He has operated in a number of industries, including airlines,
food processing, retailing, distribution and telecommunications.
Probably his highest profile assignment was while he was Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of St. Louis-based Trans World
Airlines, Inc., where he was widely credited with being the architect of
that company's successful 1995 financial restructuring. He had 10 years
of prior experience with TWA during two five-year periods beginning in
1972 and 1982, respectively, and served as its Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer during its takeover battle with Carl Icahn. Mr.
Peiser began his career with TWA, but, early on, also served in a number
of financial roles at RCA Corporation and its subsidiary, Hertz
Corporation. He received a Bachelor's Degree in Economics from the
University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from Harvard University. He is
currently a member of the Board of Directors of Ascent Assurance, Inc.,
Kitty Hawk, Inc., and Pinnacle Airlines, and serves on the Council of
Overseers at the Jones Business School of Rice University.  He
previously served as an outside director of Phar-Mor, Inc., and Ascent
Assurance, Inc., following their respective emergence from Chapter 11,
and Microware Systems, Inc.  He is a past member of the Board of the
Tampa Bay Partnership and Chairman of its International Leadership
Advisory Council, a past Trustee of the Leukemia Society and a past
member of the Boards of the Denver Metro and Colorado Springs Chambers
of Commerce. Profile


TWST: Would you begin with a brief historical sketch of Imperial Sugar?Mr. Peiser: The company was a refinery of cane sugar company based inSugar Land, Texas, right outside of Houston, up
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












   Robert Peiser | USA Truck Inc | ZoomInfo.comRobert S Peiser Jr in Lakewood Ranch, Florida with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeLakewood Ranch, FLRobert S Peiser JrLakewood Ranch, FL Robert S Peiser JrAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Robert L Veeneman Jr - Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.7261 Bee Ridge RdSarasota, FL 34241(941) 377-4222Financial PlannersFinancial ServicesWebsiteServicesFrom Business: The advisor listed is an Ameriprise financial advisor in Sarasota. Comments are not verified, may not be accurate and are not necessarily representative of the ex…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Robert J Ricchini Jr Csmtlgst930 Hidden Cir ESarasota, FL 34243(941) 840-4800BarbersBeauty SalonsServicesMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection3. Bob Lagasse Jr Swimming Pool Repair Inc2598 Lewis Ave Ste ASarasota, FL 34237(941) 210-6592Swimming Pool Repair & ServiceWebsiteDirectionsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection4. Bob Lagasse Jr Swimming Pool Repair Inc.PO Box 17465Sarasota, FL 34276(941) 925-4429Swimming Pool ConstructionAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection5. Robert Y Meetze Jr Gen Contr1585 South DrSarasota, FL 34239(941) 704-2921Vending MachinesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection6. Iverson Jr, Robert L5421 Ashley PkwySarasota, FL 34241(941) 923-5249No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection7. McDaniel Robert S Jr Attorney1444 1st StSarasota, FL 34236(941) 952-1500AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. Robert H Piper Jr CPA Cva330 S Pineapple AveSarasota, FL 34236(941) 366-1040Accountants-Certified PublicWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection9. William Robert Linton Jr.1803 71st St NWBradenton, FL 34209(941) 792-6879No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection10. Dr. Robert R. Haight Jr, MD642 Verrocchio DrNokomis, FL 34275(941) 918-9043No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Rob Nelson Jr5900 Pan American BlvdNorth Port, FL 34287(941) 429-2247Mutual FundsFinancial ServicesWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Edward Jones is an investment firm that believes your financial goals deserve a face to face conversation. We can help you prepare for retirement, save for educat…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. Willis Robert H Jr Atty259 3rd St NSaint Petersburg, FL 33701(727) 822-3907AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection13. Nickeson Jr, Robert W601 5th St SSaint Petersburg, FL 33701(727) 767-7438Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection14. Robert H Willis Jr Atty505 18th Ave NESaint Petersburg, FL 33704(727) 822-1743AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Robert C Urban Jr MD3160 5th Ave N Ste 135Saint Petersburg, FL 33713(727) 471-0808Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection16. Dr. Robert R. Koch Jr, MD1099 5th Ave N # 120Saint Petersburg, FL 33705(727) 820-7714No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Kapusta Robert Jr100 2nd Ave S Ste 701SSaint Petersburg, FL 33701(727) 822-2033AttorneysParalegalsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection18. Robert Williams Jr MD501 Dr Martin Luther King Jr St SSaint Petersburg, FL 33705(727) 822-7344Physicians & Surgeons,...WebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection19. Nelson Rob Jr16969 Tamiami TrlNorth Port, FL 34287(941) 426-4437No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection20. Robert L Swiggett Jr MD4600 4th St NSaint Petersburg, FL 33703(727) 527-5272Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection21. Bob Lagasse Jr Swimming Pool Repair IncServing the Lakewood Ranch Area.(941) 210-6592Swimming Pool ConstructionWebsiteFrom Business: Bob Lagasse Jr. has been in the pool business for over 40 years, specializing in resurfacing and repairs. He is the son of Bob Lagasse Sr. who, along with his two…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection22. Robert W Schuler Jr Cabinetry - CLOSED10225 Evening Trail DrRiverview, FL 33569(813) 689-0978Furniture-Wholesale & ManufacturersSponsored LinksShowing1-22
of 22resultsMap ViewSponsoredDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback









Robert A. Peiser - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Robert A. Peiser
Chairman of the Board at USA Truck, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Robert A. Peiser? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert A. Peiser's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert A. Peiser's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert A. Peiser's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert A. Peiser through your network of contacts.
												








Robert A. Peiser's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
USA Truck, Inc.


Board Member, 
SunCoke Energy, Inc.


Board Member, 
The Standard Register Company


Past
To view Robert A. Peiser's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 
 


Robert A. Peiser's Biography



Mr. Peiser, 68, has served as a director since February 2012. Mr. Peiser was appointed Vice Chairman of the Board in August 2012 and Chairman of the Board in November 2012. He is engaged in active service on public as well as private corporate and non-profit boards. Mr. Peiser also serves on the Board of SunCoke Energy, Inc., a public company providing raw material processing and handling to the steel and power industries, since March 2016. Previous public board service includes Standard Register Company (October 2013 to November 2015); Primary Energy Recycling Corp. (June 2013 to December 2014); Team Industrial Services, Inc. (July 2007 to S ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Peiser, 68, has served as a director since February 2012. Mr. Peiser was appointed Vice Chairman of the Board in August 2012 and Chairman of the Board in November 2012. He is engaged in active service on public as well as private corporate and non-profit boards. Mr. Peiser also serves on the Board of SunCoke Energy, Inc., a public company providing raw material processing and handling to the steel and power industries, since March 2016. Previous public board service includes Standard Register Company (October 2013 to November 2015); Primary Energy Recycling Corp. (June 2013 to December 2014); Team Industrial Services, Inc. (July 2007 to September 2012); Solutia, Inc. (February 2008 to July 2012); and Signature Group Holdings, Inc. (June 2010 to May 2011). From 2008 to 2010, Mr. Peiser served as the CEO and Chairman of the Board of Omniflight Helicopters, Inc., an air medical services provider. Previously, Mr. Peiser served as President, CEO and a director of Imperial Sugar Company, a refiner and marketer of sugar products, from 2002 to 2008. We believe Mr. Peiser's qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include his broad-based executive, director and management experience with companies in transition in a variety of domestic and international industries. He is also a past Chairman of the Texas TriCities Chapter of the NACD. We believe his work with the NACD contributes to his being a valuable resource to our Board in the area of corporate governance best practices.
		
Source: USA Truck, Inc. on 04/04/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert A. Peiser's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert A. Peiser. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert A. Peiser's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert A. Peiser's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert A. Peiser through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert A. Peiser


















Robert A. Peiser's Connections (178)





Sign up now to view Robert A. Peiser's 178 connections »









William C. Rusnack
Former Chairman of the Board, Flowserve Corporation









Gregory C. Smith
Former Vice Chairman, Ford Motor Company









William T. Monahan
Lead Director, Pentair plc









P. Michael Hardesty
Senior Vice President, Commercial Operations, Business Development, Terminals and International Coke, SunCoke Energy, Inc.









John W. Rowe
Board Member, Northern Trust Corporation









Herman Morris
Former Board Member, Perrigo Company plc









David Clarke
Former Board Member, The Standard Register Company









Gerard D. Sowar
Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, The Standard Register Company









Louis T. Bolognini
Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel, Brady Corporation









Norman S. Matthews
Chairman of The Board, The Children's Place, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













