











Patrick S. Pittard, Board of Directors | Lincoln Financial Group


























  



Close

I have a  Retirement Account, Annuity Account, Life Insurance Policy, Group Benefits Policy or Brokerage Account.





Close

I administer my company's Retirement Plan, Group Benefits Plan or LifeComp®  policy





Close

I was hired by an employer to provide administrative services for a Retirement Plan or Group Benefits Plan





Close

I sell or want to start selling Lincoln products or I am support staff or a sales assistant
























						Patrick S. Pittard
					

	Principal
	Patrick Pittard Associates LLC









	Patrick S. Pittard is chairman of PPA LLC a C-level human capital firm. Prior to forming PPA LLC, Pittard served as the chairman and CEO of ACT Bridge from 2011 to 2013. Since 2002, he’s served on the faculty of the Terry School of Business at the University of Georgia as a leadership instructor.

	Before joining the University of Georgia, Pittard served as chairman, president and chief executive officer of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc., a worldwide provider of executive level search and leadership services. Prior to leading the firm, he specialized in CEO and corporate director engagements.

	During Pittard’s tenure as a CEO, the firm experienced impressive financial growth and global expansion. He led the merger of the firm’s U.S. and European operations, which has operated separately for 19 years. He also led the firm’s initial public offering and, nine months later, its follow-up offering to create a balance sheet for HSII second to none in the industry.

	Pittard led several strategic mergers with established firms in North America, South America, Europe, and Africa. He also led the firm into numerous strategic alliances, and created and developed complementary businesses to add the firm’s core search product, offering clients solutions for their total human capital needs.

	Pittard joined Heidrick & Struggles in 1983 in the Atlanta office. He began as a search consultant and over the next 18 years held the titles partner, managing partner (Atlanta), North America managing partner, and president and CEO of Heidrick and Struggles, Inc., which at the time didn’t include the European practice. In 1999, Europe merged into the U.S. firm, creating Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc.

	Previously, Pittard was a principal at Kurt Salmon Associates, and prior to that had been with Texas Commerce Bank, and Citizens and Southern Bank. He started his career as a public school teacher in Georgia.

	Pittard graduated from the University of Georgia and has been honored by the Terry School of Business as its Distinguished Alumnus. He currently serves on the board of Artisan Funds and the University of Georgia Athletic Association.











				LCN 1198778-051315
			

















Pittard, Patrick S. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Patrick S. Pittard
PATRICK S. PITTARD is President and Chief Executive Officer of Heidrick
& Struggles International, Inc. (HSI). The company is the merged
corporation of Heidrick & Struggles, Inc. (North America, Latin America,
and Asia-Pacific) and Heidrick & Struggles, Europe. He currently serves
on the firm’s Board of Directors  and acts as Chair of the Global
Management Committee. Previously, Mr. Pittard served as Chief Executive
Officer of HSI, Managing Partner of North America, and Managing Partner
of the Atlanta office. He was a three-time elected member of the firm’s
Executive Committee. When performing engagements, Mr. Pittard
specializes in high-level searches such as CEO, COO and Division
President. He has performed 45 such engagements in the last five years.
Among others, Mr. Pittard successfully completed  searches for the
Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games, Sun Oil, National Service
Industries, and US Airways. Mr. Pittard provides strategic leadership
for the firm to ensure its performance and world class standing. His
recent efforts have focused on leading the firm through its public
offering while enhancing  global preeminence by spearheading the firm’s
expansion through internal growth and strategic mergers  with
established  firms in North America, South America, Europe, and Africa.
He also has led the firm into complementary businesses to add to its
core executive search product. Mr. Pittard graduated from The University
of Georgia, and was recently honored by the Terry School of Business as
its Distinguished Alumni. He currently holds several board positions. In
addition to HIS, he serves on the boards of the Jefferson-Pilot
Corporation, The University of Georgia Foundation where he is Vice
Chairman and the Georgia Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Pittard is considered
an expert in executive level recruitment and matters involving the
executive search industry. He is often quoted in The Wall Street
Journal, Forbes Magazine, Fortune, Women’s Wear Daily, and Business
Week, as well as many international publications. He is also a co-owner
of a minor league baseball team.  Mr. Pittard and his wife live in
Atlanta and have three children.
Related Interviews:Patrick S. Pittard -  Heidrick & Struggles International (hsii)February 14, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google

















Patrick S. Pittard: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 10:14 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Tri-Artisan Capital Partners, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Patrick S. Pittard  Operating Partner, Tri-Artisan Capital Partners, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 14 Board Members in 14 different organizations across 17 different industries.See Board Relationships71--
Background

		Mr. Patrick S. Pittard, also known as Pat, serves as an Operating Partner of Tri-Artisan Capital Partners, LLC. Mr. Pittard served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Heidrick & Struggles International Inc. from 1997 to October 2001. He joined Heidrick & Struggles in 1983 in the Atlanta Office. He began as a Search Consultant and over the next 18 years held the titles of a Partner, Managing Partner (Atlanta), and North America Managing Partner at Heidrick ... and Struggles, Inc. During Mr. Pittard’s tenure at Heidrick & Struggles, went through impressive financial growth and global expansion. He led the merger of the firm's United States and European Franchise Operations, which had operated separately and also led the firm's initial public offering and nine months later two follow on offerings. Previously, Mr. Pittard was a Principal at Kurt Salmon Associates and prior to that, he was at Texas Commerce Bank and Citizens and Southern Bank. He started his career as a public school teacher in Georgia. He has been Director of various funds in the fund complex of Artisan Funds, Inc., since August 9, 2001. Mr. Pittard has been a Director at Artisan International Small Cap Fund, Artisan Small Cap Value Fund, Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund, Artisan International Value Fund, Artisan Small Cap Fund, Artisan International Fund and Artisan Mid Cap Fund since August 9, 2001. He has been an Independent Director at Lincoln National Corporation since April 2006. Mr. Pittard serves as a Director at Lincoln Financial Advisors Corporation. He serves as a Director of LeadersOnline, University of Georgia Foundation, Greensboro Baseball LLC and MCG Health. Mr. Pittard serves as a Member of the Advisory Board at Revenue Analytics Inc. He served as a Member of Advisory Board at RiseSmart, Inc., since October 2009. He accepted the Governor's nomination to the Board of Regents in 2004 and was named Vice Chair in 2006. He serves as a Distinguished Executive-in-Residence at the University of Georgia's Terry School of Business teaching Lessons in Leadership to M.B.A. students, law students and Honors students. He served as Director of Cbeyond, Inc., since February 13, 2008. He served as a Director of Jefferson-Pilot Corp. since 1998. He also served as the Chairman of The University of Georgia Foundation and LeadersOnline. Mr. Pittard served as the Chairman at Heidrick & Struggles International Inc., from 1997 to October 2001. He served on the Faculty as a leadership instructor at the Terry School of Business at the University of Georgia since 2002. He is often quoted in The Wall Street Journal, Fortune and Business Week, as well as many international publications and has often appeared on broadcast media. He was honored by the Terry School of Business as its Distinguished Alumnus. Mr. Pittard graduated from The University of Georgia.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
445 Hamilton AvenueWhite Plains, New York 10601United StatesPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorLincoln Financial Advisors CorporationIndependent DirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Value Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan International Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Small Cap Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan International Value Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Mid Cap Value Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Mid Cap Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan International Small Cap Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Emerging Markets Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Global Value Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Global Opportunities Fund2001-PresentDirectorArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Global Equity Fund2006-PresentIndependent DirectorLincoln National Corporation
Education
Unknown/Other Education University of GeorgiaBachelor's Degree University of Georgia
Other Affiliations
Cbeyond, Inc.Jefferson-Pilot CorporationHeidrick & Struggles International, Inc.Lincoln National CorporationUniversity of GeorgiaLincoln Financial Advisors CorporationRevenue Analytics, Inc.Artisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan International FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Small Cap FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan International Value FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Mid Cap Value FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Small Cap Value FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Mid Cap FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan International Small Cap FundRiseSmart, Inc.Artisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Value FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Emerging Markets FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Global Value FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Global Opportunities FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Global Equity FundArtisan Partners Funds, Inc. - Artisan Global Small Cap Fund


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Tri-Artisan Capital Partners, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Patrick Pittard Advisors





































Menu








Street Address
Atlanta, Georgia
1.800.444.6345


























Patrick Pittard Advisors is a human capital advisory firm focusing on C-level leadership services including executive search, talent assessment, talent audits, and human capital consulting. A particular focus for PPA recently has been an evolving project named, Epilogue.  We describe this new business as, A Collection of Wisdom. Through a career devoted to matching the perfect candidate with the perfect job, Patrick S. “Pat” Pittard became an expert in human capital matters, which include recruitment, retention, compensation, succession and assessment. He is often quoted in The Wall Street Journal, Fortune, and Business Week, as well as many international publications. Pat has appeared on broadcast media, such as CNN and MSNBC with multiple appearances on “Power Lunch.” He was listed in The Global 200 Executive Recruiters inaugural edition. Pat has also been honored by the Terry College of Business as "Distinguished Alumni." Pat has held or currently holds several board positions. The organizations, both for-profit and not-for-profit, include: Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. (former Chairman), Lincoln National Corporation,Artisan Funds, Aspen Institute, CBeyond, LeadersOnline (former Chairman), Revenue Analytics, EHS,Tatum LLC, RiseSmart, Greensboro Baseball LLC, MCG Health, Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce,Georgia Chamber of Commerce, University of Georgia Foundation (former Chairman), American Cancer Society (former Chapter President), Atlanta Sports Council, Atlanta Ballet. Expertise →





©2016











 




Pat Pittard -  Faculty and Staff Directory - Terry College of Business - University of Georgia















University of Georgia




UGAMail
Athena
eLC
UGA Bulletin
Master Calendar










Terry College of Business

























Home

    → Directory

→

    
    Terry Executives

→
Pat Pittard







Patrick
 (Pat) 
S.
Pittard










Patrick (Pat) S. Pittard


Executive-in-Residence, Former CEO, Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc. 


Executive-in-Residence
Former CEO, Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc.


Terry Executives





Office 


        112 Brooks Hall
    

        310 Herty Drive
    

Athens,
    GA
30602


Phone Numbers 
Work 706-542-9879
Email Address 
Work ppittard@uga.edu











Biography 

Patrick S. “Pat” Pittard is the principal of PatrickPittard Advisors, a “C” level human capital firm. He is the retired CEO and Chairman of Heidrick & Struggles International, Inc., (HSII) the world’s premier provider of executive-level search and leadership consulting services.
Pat specializes in senior level searches such as CEO and Corporate Directors; he has placed more than 200 executives in leadership positions.
During Pat’s tenure as CEO of HSII, the firm experienced impressive financial growth and global expansion. He led the merger of the firm’s U.S. and European operations, which had operated separately for 19 years. Pat also led the firm’s initial public offering, and nine months later its follow-on offering creating a financial foundation for HSII second to none in the industry while at the same time enhancing global preeminence by spearheading the firm’s expansion through organic growth and several strategic acquisitions of established firms in North America, South America, Europe, and Africa. In addition, he guided the firm into numerous strategic alliances, and into the creation and development of complementary businesses to add to the firm’s core search products.
Pat graduated from the University of Georgia and has been honored by the Terry College of Business as a Distinguished Alumni Award winner.
He has held or currently holds several board positions. The organizations both for-profit and not-for-profit include HSII (former Chairman), Artisan Funds, Lincoln National Corporation, CBeyond, LeadersOnline (former Chairman), University of Georgia Foundation (former Chairman), Revenue Analytics, EHS, Tatum LLC, RiseSmart, Greensboro Baseball LLC, and MCG Health.
Pat is considered an expert in executive level, human capital matters, which include recruitment, retention, compensation, and succession. Pat is often quoted in the Wall Street Journal, Fortune, and BusinessWeek, as well as many international publications. He has appeared on broadcast media, such as CNN and MSNBC. With multiple appearances on Power Lunch. He is listed among The Global 200 Executive Recruiters.
He is also a co-owner of a minor league baseball team. He is a 2002 Appalachian Trail thru-hiker, and authored the book Bearfoot, A Northbounder.
Presently, Pat is a Distinguished Executive-in-Residence at the Terry College of Business, which is a faculty position. Each fall, he teaches a course called "Lessons in Leadership."
Pat and his wife, Dana, have three children, and have homes in Lakemont, Atlanta and Sea Island, Georgia.




























   Patrick Pittard | PatrickPittard Advisors | ZoomInfo.com


LNC Patrick S. Pittard Insider Trades for Lincoln National Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Lincoln National Corp.

                  NYSE: LNC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Lincoln National Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:50 p.m.


LNC

/quotes/zigman/232274/composite


$
70.73




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 60,291
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/232274/composite
Previous close

$
			70.72
		


$
				70.73
			
Change

+0.01
+0.01%





Day low
Day high
$70.26
$71.02










52 week low
52 week high

            $42.24
        

            $73.31
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Patrick S. Pittard



Mr. Pittard was formerly the Chairman, President and CEO of Heidrick & Struggles International, a leading executive search and leadership consulting company. During Mr. Pittard’s tenure at Heidrick & Struggles, the firm experienced impressive financial growth and global expansion. Mr. Pittard led the merger of the firm's U.S. and European Franchise operations, which had previously operated separately. He also led the firm's initial public offering and, nine months later, two follow-on offerings.
He has held or currently holds several board positions, including the following for-profit and not-for-profit organizations: Lincoln National Corp., a publicly traded provider of insurance and investment products; Jefferson-Pilot Corp., a similar company which merged with Lincoln in 2006; Heidrick & Struggles International (former Chairman); Artisan Funds, a premier mutual fund complex; LeadersOnline (former Chairman), an internet recruiting firm; the University of Georgia Foundation (former Chairman); Greensboro Baseball LLC; and MCG Health. In addition, Mr. Pittard accepted the Governor’s nomination to the Georgia Board of Regents in 2004 and was named Vice Chair in 2006.
Mr. Pittard graduated from The University of Georgia and was honored by the Terry School of Business as its Distinguished Alumnus. Mr. Pittard currently teaches leadership at the University of Georgia and is a Distinguished Executive-in-Residence.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





09/12/2016
8,300


 
Disposition at $46.44 per share.


385,452


09/12/2016
2,936


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29.54 per share.


86,729


09/12/2016
2,557


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $24.99 per share.


63,899


09/12/2016
1,480


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $30.64 per share.


45,347


09/12/2016
1,327


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $25.78 per share.


34,210


09/09/2016
2,082


 
Disposition at $47.61 per share.


99,125


05/08/2015
8,179


 
Disposition at $58.7 per share.


480,108


05/08/2015
5,499


 
Disposition at $58.7 per share.


322,792


05/08/2015
4,151


 
Disposition at $58.7 per share.


243,664


05/08/2015
3,924


 
Disposition at $58.7 per share.


230,339


05/08/2015
3,924


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $14.42 per share.


56,584


05/08/2015
4,151


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.36 per share.


43,004


05/08/2015
5,499


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $52.76 per share.


290,127


05/08/2015
8,179


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $53.6 per share.


438,394


03/05/2015
1,945


 
Disposition at $58.28 per share.


113,355


08/28/2014
8,179


 
Disposition at $54.26 per share.


443,793


08/28/2014
8,179


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $45.73 per share.


374,025


12/10/2013
8,179


 
Disposition at $51.01 per share.


417,211


12/10/2013
8,179


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $48.58 per share.


397,335





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. William Porter Payne 
Chairman




Mr. Dennis R. Glass 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Randal J. Freitag 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Kenneth S. Solon 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Ellen  Cooper 
Chief Investment Officer & Executive VP




Mr. Richard  Spenner 
Senior Vice President & Head-Litigation




Mr. John C. Kennedy 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Steve  Harris 
Senior VP, Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer




Mr. Raj  Chakraborty 
Chief Digital Officer




Mr. Gregg  Holgate 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Scott  Witeby 
Senior Vice President & Head-Finance




Mr. John  Morriss 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Ralph  Ferraro 
Senior Vice President & Head-Products




Mr. Paul  Narayanan 
VP & MD-Portfolio Management Analytics




Ms. Jamie Leslie Ohl 
President-Retirement Plan Services Business




Mr. Carey  Hobbs 
Vice President




Mr. Mark  Seidenburg 
Director-Business Development




Dr. Pearl  Sumathi 
Vice President-Talent Development




Mr. Joe  Brannan 
VP-Data Center, Network & Storage Services




Mr. Richard L. Mucci 
President-Group Protection Business




Mr. Ronald  Holinsky 
Chief Compliance Officer & Vice President




Dr. William H. Cunningham 
Director




Ms. Deirdre P. Connelly 
Director




Mr. Tim  Seifert 
Head-Annuity Sales




Ms. Kristen  Phillips 
Head-Marketing & Enterprise Communications




Mr. Christopher  Neece 
Sales Director




Ms. Christine A. Janofsky 
Senior VP & Chief Accounting Officer




Mr. Michael  Arcaro 
Head-Media Relations




Mr. Christopher A. Giovanni 
Senior Vice President & Head-Investor Relations




Ms. Lisa M. Buckingham 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Andrea D. Goodrich 
Secretary & Senior Vice President




Mr. Kirkland L. Hicks 
Executive Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Patrick S. Pittard 
Independent Director




Mr. Isaiah  Tidwell 
Independent Director




Mr. George W. Henderson 
Independent Director




Mr. Gary C. Kelly 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael F. Mee 
Independent Director




Ms. M. Leanne Lachman 
Independent Director




Mr. Eric G. Johnson 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:14 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:12aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
10:01aHow to earn $100,000 a year or more with side hustles 
9:59aThe dark side of cruises
9:59aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
9:58aYou’ll save money on gas with a Tesla, but you may end up paying more elsewhere
9:56aWarning for homeowners: Here’s how much you’ll spend after buying your new house
9:52aMove over, Airbnb: Here’s how to rent out your home for a lot more money
9:52aThese wealthy parents spend $20,000 for summer camps so their kids can be ‘normal’
9:50aThese 4 colors can be the kiss of death when selling your home
9:48aThe richest people on the planet just got richer, but one country was outstanding
9:47aThis is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your résumé 
9:44aMy boss asked me to let a new employee stay at my place for two months (for free)
9:44aArtificial sweeteners may even make you put on weight
9:43a10 seriously inappropriate things you should never (ever) say to a co-worker
9:42a5 totally avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
9:40aNote to parents – this social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
9:39aIf you suddenly quit your job like Sean Spicer, here’s what you should do next
9:38aThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
9:37aNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
9:37aWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































