










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























POSTADS, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





POSTADS, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
POSTADS, INC.


Company Address
2332 N.W. 87 DR.CORAL SPRINGS, FL 33065


Company Phone
954-464-1642


Company Website
www.postads.com


CEO
Kenneth T. Moore


Employees  (as of 9/6/2016) 
2


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (1/8/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.10


Shares Offered
890,000


Offer Amount
$89,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
890,000


Shares Outstanding
17,776,400


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001655971




We will not receive proceeds from the sale of the shares by Selling
Stockholders.


We believe the PostAds Marketplace offers benefits not found with other auction
services particularly for smaller buyers and sellers of inexpensive items
because we plan to offer the primary features found on other auction sites like
Ebay without the fees that they charge. We provide basic auction listings
without charge to the Seller. We also offer multiple seller platforms including
store fronts, classifieds and auctions. Ebay in most instances charges an item
insertion fee as well as a final value fee (percentage of sale price) making it
costly for smaller sellers to list their items for sale. This fee in turn
increases the price paid by small buyers. By not charging these fees and
offering ad enhancements that are optional, we may be able to attract smaller
sellers and buyers that are unwilling to pay the fees charged by Ebay.
Craigslist does not offer an auction platform nor on their classifieds do they
offer a user storefronts or listing enhancements. Similarly, Ebay does not offer
classifieds. We are not aware of any marketplaces offering the combination of
platforms that we offer. We also believe that by offering store fronts,
classifieds and auctions, we will be able to migrate other online marketplace
users to our website.

The online product and service marketplace is highly competitive and rapidly
changing. Our ability to compete depends upon many factors within and outside
our control, including the performance and reliability of our marketplace,
customer service, marketing efforts and development of our brand name and
slogan. Due to the relatively low barriers to entry we expect additional
competition from other emerging companies. Many of our existing and potential
competitors are substantially larger than us and have significantly greater
financial, technical and marketing resources. As a result, they may be able to
respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies for our products. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or
future competitors or that competitive pressure will not have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.


Company Description
We operate an online marketplace at www.PostAds.com which provides a platform
for buyers and sellers to purchase new and used goods and services. Because we
offer an internet site where buyers are charged no fees and sellers of products
and services can list their products and services without


 charge in all
categories other than employment and personal ads, we expect to generate a large
number of registered users who place product and service ads. After the
inventories of product and service ads are generated, we expect to generate
revenue from premium placement, ad enhancements and advertisements on our
website directed at visitors to our site. We also plan to generate revenue from
two paid ad categories, employment and personals. There is no assurance that we
will be successful in these efforts.

We completed our initial website in August of 2015 and completed enhanced
features of our site in April of 2016. Since our inception, we have placed over
11,114 free ads and obtained 3,134 registered users of the Post Ads marketplace.

Since our inception, we have placed over 11,114 free ads and obtained 3,134
registered users of the Post Ads marketplace. We plan to convert our registered
users into paying users by offering enhanced listings on our platform which
increase the visibility of the ad. Because we offer free ads in all categories
other than employment and personal, we expect our registered user base and
product and service offerings to continually increase over time.

Our key activities to date include: (i) development of the business plan and
plan of operations for the Post Ads Marketplace; (ii) development of the retail
and fee-for-service features of the Post Ads Marketplace (iii) development of
the auction platform of the Post Ads Marketplace; (iv) creation of our
classified ad categories and features for the Post Ads Marketplace; (v) entering
into an agreement with our website developer; (vi) creating features allowing
visitors to become registered users of our online marketplace (vii) setting up
our initial website to generate registered users, (viii) obtaining 3,134
registered users, (ix) placing more than 11,114 ads without charge and screening
the ads prior to placement to ensure compliance with our terms of service, and
(x) completing our website and enhancing its features including functionality
and security features.
---

We were founded as a sole proprietorship on August 26, 2013. We changed our
structure to a corporation on August 17, 2015 by incorporating in the State of
Nevada. 

Our principal executive office is located at 201 S.E. 15th Terrace, Suite 203,
Deerfield Beach, Florida 33431 and our telephone number is 954-464-1642. Our
website is located at www.PostAds.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$50


Net Income
-$155,581


Total Assets
$25,566






Total Liabilities
$37,019


Stockholders' Equity
-$11,453




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



POSTADS, INC.
S-1/A
9/6/2016
Filing



POSTADS, INC.
S-1/A
8/8/2016
Filing



POSTADS, INC.
S-1/A
2/10/2016
Filing



POSTADS, INC.
S-1
1/8/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Salberg & Company,  P.A


Company Counsel
Hamilton & Associates Law Group, PA


Transfer Agent
Island Stock Transfer


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter
 -- 






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6382.19


-40.56
 ▼ 
0.63%





DJIA

21796.55


85.54
 ▲ 
0.39%





S&P 500

2475.42


-2.41
 ▼ 
0.10%










Data as of Jul 27, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Redfin (Nasdaq: RDFN) to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell in Celebration of Its IPO
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Civeo Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Sabra Health Care REIT Files Investor Presentation
                        



	                     6:00AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Komatsu Q1 profit soars as China sales double, sees pace of growth moderating
                        



	                     5:50AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































PostAds Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























postads inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Based Services
PostAds, Inc. provides e-commerce services. The Company operates an online marketplace for buyers and sellers to purchase new and used goods and services and classified advertising. PostAds serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

201 Southeast 15th Terrace
Suite 203
Deerfield Beach, FL 33431
United States


Phone:
1-954-464-1642


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.postads.com





Board Members




Pres/CEO/Acting CFO/Founder
Company


Kenneth Moore
Postads Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Kenneth T Moore "Ken"


Pres/CEO/Acting CFO/Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































POSTADS, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    POSTADS, INC.











Company number F13000002463
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 6/5/2013
        

Principal Address
            1011 SW 30TH AVE, DEERFIELD BEACH, 33442
            


Mailing Address 1011 SW 30TH AVE, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL, 33442
        
POSTADS, INC. Principals

Chairman, President, Secretary
                Moore Kenneth
                 


Address
                1011 SW 30TH AVE, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL, 33442
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name MOORE               KENNETH (p)
        

Agent Address
                1011 SW 30TH AVE, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL, 33442
                

POSTADS, INC. Events

1 REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/26/2014
            

Description
POSTADS, INC. has been set up 6/5/2013 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The POSTADS, INC. principal adress is 1011 SW 30TH AVE, DEERFIELD BEACH, 33442. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 1011 SW 30TH AVE, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL, 33442. 
The company`s registered agent is MOORE               KENNETH 1011 SW 30TH AVE, DEERFIELD BEACH, FL, 33442.  
The company`s management are Chairman, President, Secretary - Moore Kenneth. The last significant event in the company history is REVOKED FOR         ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/26/2014. This decision is take in action on unknown. 






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
POST ADS, INC.
POST ADS LLC
POSTAGE CENTERS INC.
POSTAGE CONSULTANTS, INC.
POSTAGE DUE CAFE
POSTAGE DUE PAYER CORPORATION













Post-ADS Group, Inc.                                                                                                     - Arlington                                         , TX         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Arlington



Data Processing and Preparation



Computer Graphics Service



                            Post-ADS Group, Inc.
                                    



 





















P 


Post-ADS Group, Inc.                                                                                                    
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4621 S COOPER ST STE 131 ARLINGTON, TX 76017
Get Directions



(214) 288-3384
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $80,520.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Computer Graphics Service
 Contacts Mark Dunn                                                                                                               







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Post-ads Group, Inc.                                                                                                     has been providing Computer Graphics Service from Arlington. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Postads Group, Inc.                                                                                                      - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Management Services



Business Management



                            Postads Group, Inc.
                                    



 





















P 


Postads Group, Inc.                                                                                                     
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



244 MADISON AVE STE 144 NEW YORK, NY 10016
Get Directions



(914) 646-8482
www.postadsgroup.com                                                                                    





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $240,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Management
 Contacts John J Lipuma                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Postads Group, Inc.                                                                                                      is located at 244 Madison Ave Ste 144 in New York and has been in the business of Business Management since 2007. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







P

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Free Classifieds and Auctions PostAds.com




































     
  
 


Welcome, 
			Guest
	 (   Register | Login  ) Your eBay tm  and Craigslist tm Alternative Market Place







How it Works




Create an Account

Simple One-Page Registration Process for auction sellers. No registration required for classified ads.



Sell Something...

List Your Item

Fast and Easy-to-use Listing Process
					
Choose a Category
Enter Item Details
Upload Your Photos


Receive Offers from Buyers

Email notices are sent directly to your inbox from interested buyers.



Buy Something...

Start Your Search

Several Search Options to Choose from
					
Browse a Category
Quick or Advanced Searches
Auto-Search Notifications by Email


Make Offers to Sellers

Contact Sellers directly through our on-site messaging system.





Check out more Seller / Buyer Features







Free Classifieds and Auctions PostAds.com




































     
  
 


Welcome, 
			Guest
	 (   Register | Login  ) Your eBay tm  and Craigslist tm Alternative Market Place







Help

Below you will find some commonly asked questions.
Do I have to be registered to place an ad? 
You need to be registered to place an auction. You do not need to be registered to      
        place a classified ad. 
What it the cost to register on this site? 
Nothing. There are no registration fees for buyers or sellers. 
How much does it cost for sellers to place listings? 
Cost specifics are explained here.
	Costs can also be found within your Account Information Page by logging in to your personal "My Account" pages.
Is this site secure? 
Yes. Your transactions are protected by the latest encryption technology from PayPal.
How do I find what I'm looking for? 
You have several options: 
	
We offer a "quick search" bar at the top of our pages for you to enter keywords and categories to search.
We offer an Advanced Search page for you to refine your search criteria.
If you already know what you are looking for you can browse the categories listed on the left side of the site's pages.

Can I save items to revisit later?
Yes. You can maintain your own "favorites" list within your account. Each listing on
	our site has an "add to favorites" link.  Simply click that link and we will add that item to your favorites list. 
What if I can't find what I am looking for?
You can set up search filters within your account area. Our site will
	then screen all new listings, as they are placed on the site, and if an item is listed that meets 
	your filter (search) criteria, we will automatically send you an email notification. 
How do buyers and sellers communicate with each other? 
We provide buyers with the ability to contact the seller through a form that is
	accessible on each of the seller's listing pages. The seller will then be notified by email of the buyer's 
	questions and the seller can either reply by email or log in to their account and reply through our onsite
	messaging system. The seller can choose to keep their email address anonymous.
Still can't find the answer to your question? Contact Us







O melhor site de anúncios na web!


























































		Bem vindo(a), 
			Convidado
	
		( 
					
			Registe-SE | Login
				 )
		 
		 
		 
		




Facebook


Twitter


Delicious


Flickr


LinkedIn


Reddit


RSS














					Codigo Postal:
				





distance (in miles)
5
10
15
20
25
30
40
50
75
100
200
300
400
500









						Selecionar uma Região:
					






United States





Canada


United Kingdom


American Samoa


Antarctica


Antigua and Barbuda


Argentina


Aruba


Australia


Austria


Bahamas


Barbados


Belarus


Belgium


Belize


Bermuda


Brazil


British Indian Ocean Territory


Bulgaria


Cameroon


Cape Verde


Cayman Islands


Central African Republic


Chile


China


Christmas Island


Cocos (Keeling) Islands


Colombia


Comoros


Congo


Cook Islands


Costa Rica


Croatia


Czech Republic


Denmark


Dominica


Dominican Republic


Ecuador


Egypt


El Salvador


Falkland Islands (Malvinas)


Fiji


Finland


France


Georgia


Germany


Gibraltar


Greece


Greenland


Grenada


Guadeloupe


Guam


Guatemala


Haiti


Honduras


Hong Kong


Hungary


Iceland


India


Indonesia


Ireland


Israel


Italy


Jamaica


Japan


Kenya


Korea, Republic of






Latvia


Lithuania


Luxembourg


Malaysia


Malta


Marshall Islands


Martinique


Mexico


Monaco


Mongolia


Morocco


Mozambique


Namibia


Nepal


Netherlands


Netherlands Antilles


New Caledonia


New Zealand


Nicaragua


Norfolk Island


Northern Mariana Islands


Norway


Pakistan


Panama


Paraguay


Peru


Philippines


Poland


Portugal


Puerto Rico


Romania


Russian Federation


Saint Kitts and Nevis


Saint Lucia


Samoa


San Marino


Seychelles


Sierra Leone


Singapore


Solomon Islands


South Africa


Spain


Sri Lanka


St. Helena


St. Pierre and Miquelon


Sweden


Switzerland


Taiwan


Thailand


Togo


Tonga


Trinidad and Tobago


Tunisia


Turkey


Turks and Caicos Islands


Ukraine


United Arab Emirates


United States Minor Outlying Islands


Uruguay


Vatican City State (Holy See)


Venezuela


Virgin Islands (British)


Virgin Islands (U.S.)


Yemen


Yugoslavia


Zambia


Zimbabwe








artigos recentes


PostAds selects World to World Media
Postado em: July 11, 2016
Post Ads, Inc. the up and coming combined auction and classified ad...


Bulk Uploader is here
Postado em: March 01, 2016
...



Ver Mais artigos




Site Stats
Utilizadores Online:  163
Utilizadores Registados: 3364



 






Novos Anúncios:  
					
24 horas
	

1 Semana
	

2 Semanas
	

3 Semanas
	







 à venda






													Antiguidades
												





													Aparelhos
												





													Artes e Artesanato
												





													Bebê e Crianças
												





													Permutar
												





													Beleza e Saúde
												





													Bicicletas
												





													Livros
												





													Cine & Foto
												





													celular
												





													Roupas e calçados
												





													Moedas Papel
												





													Colecionadores
												





													Computador / Tablets e Networing
												





													Domains & Websites
												





													Drones
												





													Eletrônica
												











													Mobiliário
												





													Vendas de Garagem
												





													Casa
												





													Relógios Jóias
												





													 Musicais
												





													Esporte e Lazer
												





													Ingressos e Tickets
												





													Ferramentas
												





													Brinquedos e Hobbies
												





													Video Games
												





													Outras Vendas
												





													Queria
												






 Classe






													Automotivo
												











													Computador - Multimídia
												











													Ginástica
												





													Melhoramento da Casa
												





													Linguagem
												





													Música
												





													Personal Fitness
												





													Auto-Defesa
												





													Outras Aulas
												






 Gigs






													Computador
												





													Criador
												





													Doméstico
												





													Escrita
												





													Talent
												





													Trabalho
												





													Tripulação
												





													Outros
												










 Bens Imóveis






													Casa
												





													Condomínio / Residência urbana
												





													Multi-Casa
												





													Casa Móvel
												





													Fazendas 
												





													Terra
												











													Aluguel
												





													Curto Prazo / Aluguel Por
												





													Comercial
												





													Alquileres para Vacaciones
												





													Realtors
												





													Companheiros de quarto
												





													Outros
												






 Animais de estimação






													Abastecimento
												





													Aves
												





													Cães
												





													Cavalos
												





													Gatos
												





													Peixe
												





													Répteis
												





													Outros
												






 Comunidade






													Atividades
												





													Anúncios
												





													Eventos
												





													Vendas de Garagem
												











													Achados e Perdidos
												





													Músicos
												











													Passeio de Compartilhamento
												





													Voluntários
												





													Outros
												






 Barcos






													Catamarans
												





													Embarcação
												





													Iate
												





													Pesca
												





													Poder
												





													Vela
												





													Equipamento
												





													Abastecimento
												





													Outros
												










 Empregos






													Contabilidade
												





													Administração e Escritório
												





													Arquitetura
												





													Art & Design
												





													BioTech
												





													Negócio
												





													Clerical
												





													Atendimento ao Cliente
												





													Educação
												





													Engenharia
												





													Alimento & Bebida
												





													Geral
												





													Gobierno
												





													Saúde e fitness
												





													Hotel
												





													Início base
												





													Recursos Humanos
												





													Legal
												





													Fabrico
												





													Mercadeo
												





													Médico
												





													Sem fins lucrativos
												





													Bens Imóveis
												





													Varejo / Atacado
												





													Vendas / Desenvolvimento de Negócios
												





													Salão de beleza / Spa / Fitness
												





													Segurança
												





													Construção
												





													Tecnologia
												





													Transporte
												





													TV Cinema / Filme / Video
												





													Outros
												






 Caminhões






													Pesados dever
												





													Dever médio
												





													Dever de luz
												





													Trailers
												











													Otrous
												






 Veículos de Recreação






													Vans de conversão
												





													Caminhão Campista
												





													Motor Homes
												





													Parque Modelo
												





													Rebocável
												





													Outros
												






 Aviação






													Adereços
												





													Biplanos
												





													Helicóptero
												





													Jatos
												





													Sea Planes
												





													Outros
												










 Personals






													M 4 W
												





													W 4 M
												





													W 4 W
												





													M 4 M
												





													Casual Encounters
												





													Companion
												






 Automóveis






													Carros de Passageiros
												





													Carros Esportivos
												





													SUVs
												





													Minivans
												





													Caminhonetes
												





													Crossovers
												





													Limousines
												





													Ootros
												





													Partes
												






 Serviços






													Automotivo
												





													Bebêsessão
												





													Beleza
												





													Computador
												





													Criador
												





													Engenharia
												





													Planejamento de Eventos
												





													Fazenda e Jardim
												





													Financeiro
												





													Casa
												











													Legal
												





													Marinha
												











													Em Movimento
												





													Restaurantes
												





													empresa de Pequeno Porte
												





													Therapeudic
												





													Viajar
												





													Voluntários
												





													Outros
												






 Motociclos






													ATV
												





													Bicicleta da sujeira
												





													Clássico
												





													Competição
												





													Cruzador
												





													Esporte
												





													Neve celulares
												





													Personalizado
												





													Scooters
												





													Trike
												





													Turismo
												





													Vintage
												





													Equipamento
												





													Outros
												









patrocinado pelo anunciante




Anuncios em destaque


		NÃO EXISTEM ANÚNCIOS DESTACADOS PARA MOSTRAR
	





Os Anúncios mais Quentes do Momento!!


		NÃO EXISTEM ANÚNCIOS EM PROMOÇÃO DESTACADOS PARA MOSTRAR
	





Anúncios Recentes


		não existem novos anúncios para mostrar
	
















Free Classifieds and Auctions PostAds.com




































     
  
 


Welcome, 
			Guest
	 (   Register | Login  ) Your eBay tm  and Craigslist tm Alternative Market Place















Place an add below


Click here to Post a new Classified Ad

Must be registered to ad an auction



 Shopping Cart


No Items In Cart, start a new listing using one of the buttons on the left.











Free Classifieds and Auctions PostAds.com




































     
  
 


Welcome, 
			Guest
	 (   Register | Login  ) Your eBay tm  and Craigslist tm Alternative Market Place







Search
Please enter in your search criteria below: 








match whole words
partial word match
by item # only


auctions and classifieds
classifieds only
auctions only
only auctions using Buy Now



Only show listings ending in the next 24 hours

by category: 



All Categories
For Sale
   Antiques
   Appliances
   Arts & Crafts
   Baby & Kids
   Barter
   Beauty & Health
   Bicycles
   Books
   Camera & Photo
   Cell Phones
   Clothes & Shoes
   Coins & Paper Money
   Collectibles
   Computer / Tablets & Networing
   Domains & Websites
   Drones
   Electronics
   Free Stuff
   Furniture
   Garage Sales
   Home & Garden
   Jewelry & Watches
   Music
   Sporting Goods
   Tickets & Events
   Tools
   Toys & Hobbies
   Video Games
   Everything Else
   Want Ads
Classes
   Automotive 
   College Needs
   Computer - Multimedia 
   Dance
   Gymnastics
   Home Improvement 
   Language 
   Music 
   Personal Fitness
   Self Defense 
   Other Classes
Gigs
   Computer
   Creative
   Crew
   Domestic
   Labor
   Talent
   Writing
   Other
Realty
   Single Family Home
   Condo / Townhome
   Multi-Family Home
   Mfd / Mobile Home
   Farms/Ranches
   Land
   Rentals
   Short Sales
   Short Term / Sublets
   Commercial 
   Vacation - Rentals
   Agents
   Roommates
   Other
Pets
   Birds
   Cats
   Dogs
   Fish
   Horses
   Reptiles
   Supplies
   Other
Community
   Activities
   Announcements
   Events
   Garage Sale
   Local News
   Lost and Found
   Musicians
   Politics
   Ride Sharing
   Volunteers
   Other
Boats
   Catamarans
   Fishing
   Power
   Sail
   Watercrafts
   Yachts
   Equipment
   Supplies
   Other
Jobs
   Accounting
   Admin & Office
   Architecture
   Art & Design
   BioTech
   Business
   Clerical
   Customer Service
   Education
   Engineering
   Food & Beverage
   General
   Government
   Health & Fitness
   Hotel
   Home Based
   Human Resources
   Legal
   Manufacturing
   Marketing
   Medical
   Non-Profit
   Real Estate
   Retail / Wholesale
   Sales / Business Development
   Salon / Spa / Fitness
   Security
   Skilled Trades
   Technology
   Transportation
   TV / Film / Video
   Other
Trucks
   Heavy Duty
   Medium Duty
   Light Duty
   Trailers
   Insurance
   Other
RV's
   Conversion Vans
   Motor Homes
   Park Model
   Towable
   Truck Camper
   Other
Aviation
   BiPlanes
   Helicopter
   Jets
   Props
   Sea Planes
   Other
Personals
   Men Seeking Women
   Women Seeking Men
   Women Seeking Women
   Men Seeking Men
   Casual Encounters
   Companions
Autos
   Passenger Cars
   Sports Cars
   SUVs
   Minivans
   Pickup Trucks
   Crossovers
   Limousines
   Other
   Parts
Services
   Automotive
   BabySitting
   Beauty & Health
   Computer
   Creative
   Engineering
   Event Planning
   Farm & Garden
   Financial
   Household
   Insurance
   Legal
   Marine
   Medical
   Moving
   Restaurants
   Small Business
   Therapeudic / Massage
   Travel
   Volunteers
   Other
Motorcycles
   ATV
   Classic
   Competition
   Cruisers
   Custom
   Dirt Bikes
   Scooters
   Snowmobiles
   Sport
   Touring
   Trike
   Vintage
   Equipment
   Other




						
					     search titles

by price range: 


low limit:
high limit:







proximity search by zip: 




distance (in miles)
5
10
15
20
25
30
40
50
75
100
200
300
400
500



Location:

Regions:


Country


United States

Canada
United Kingdom
American Samoa
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Bulgaria
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Fiji
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Kenya
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Romania
Russian Federation
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Samoa
San Marino
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe


















PostAds.com - Free Classifieds and Auctions




































 
     
  
 


Welcome, 
			Guest
	 (   Register | Login  ) Your eBay tm  and Craigslist tm Alternative Market Place









Featured Listings

















Leather Sectional White Sofa 4p. New


price:									$1,800 USD
								



 











   

 Select Your Region







United States





Canada


United Kingdom


American Samoa


Antarctica


Antigua and Barbuda


Argentina


Aruba


Australia


Austria


Bahamas


Barbados


Belarus


Belgium


Belize


Bermuda


Brazil


British Indian Ocean Territory


Bulgaria


Cameroon


Cape Verde


Cayman Islands


Central African Republic


Chile


China


Christmas Island


Cocos (Keeling) Islands


Colombia


Comoros


Congo


Cook Islands


Costa Rica


Croatia


Czech Republic


Denmark


Dominica


Dominican Republic


Ecuador


Egypt


El Salvador


Falkland Islands (Malvinas)


Fiji


Finland


France


Georgia


Germany


Gibraltar


Greece


Greenland


Grenada


Guadeloupe


Guam


Guatemala


Haiti


Honduras


Hong Kong


Hungary


Iceland


India


Indonesia


Ireland


Israel


Italy


Jamaica


Japan


Kenya


Korea, Republic of






Latvia


Lithuania


Luxembourg


Malaysia


Malta


Marshall Islands


Martinique


Mexico


Monaco


Mongolia


Morocco


Mozambique


Namibia


Nepal


Netherlands


Netherlands Antilles


New Caledonia


New Zealand


Nicaragua


Norfolk Island


Northern Mariana Islands


Norway


Pakistan


Panama


Paraguay


Peru


Philippines


Poland


Portugal


Puerto Rico


Romania


Russian Federation


Saint Kitts and Nevis


Saint Lucia


Samoa


San Marino


Seychelles


Sierra Leone


Singapore


Solomon Islands


South Africa


Spain


Sri Lanka


St. Helena


St. Pierre and Miquelon


Sweden


Switzerland


Taiwan


Thailand


Togo


Tonga


Trinidad and Tobago


Tunisia


Turkey


Turks and Caicos Islands


Ukraine


United Arab Emirates


United States Minor Outlying Islands


Uruguay


Vatican City State (Holy See)


Venezuela


Virgin Islands (British)


Virgin Islands (U.S.)


Yemen


Yugoslavia


Zambia


Zimbabwe








 Contributions Appreciated    

Open a Store only $6.95 per month. No Insertion or Final Value Fees !!!

All Stores
Register Now To Open Your Store



 



Buy or Sell Today!
 Get Started Now!

  
Recent Articles


PostAds selects World to World Media
Posted on: July 11, 2016
Post Ads, Inc. the up and coming combined auction and classified ad...


Bulk Uploader is here
Posted on: March 01, 2016
...



View More Articles










 For Sale






													Antiques
												





													Appliances
												





													Arts & Crafts
												





													Baby & Kids
												





													Barter
												





													Beauty & Health
												





													Bicycles
												





													Books
												





													Camera & Photo
												





													Cell Phones
												





													Clothes & Shoes
												





													Coins & Paper Money
												





													Collectibles
												





													Computer / Tablets & Networing
												





													Domains & Websites
												





													Drones
												





													Electronics
												





													Free Stuff
												





													Furniture
												





													Garage Sales
												





													Home & Garden
												





													Jewelry & Watches
												





													Music
												





													Sporting Goods
												





													Tickets & Events
												





													Tools
												





													Toys & Hobbies
												





													Video Games
												





													Everything Else
												





													Want Ads
												






 Classes






													Automotive 
												





													College Needs
												





													Computer - Multimedia 
												





													Dance
												





													Gymnastics
												





													Home Improvement 
												





													Language 
												





													Music 
												





													Personal Fitness
												





													Self Defense 
												





													Other Classes
												






 Gigs






													Computer
												





													Creative
												





													Crew
												





													Domestic
												





													Labor
												





													Talent
												





													Writing
												





													Other
												










 Realty






													Single Family Home
												





													Condo / Townhome
												





													Multi-Family Home
												





													Mfd / Mobile Home
												





													Farms/Ranches
												





													Land
												





													Rentals
												





													Short Sales
												





													Short Term / Sublets
												





													Commercial 
												





													Vacation - Rentals
												





													Agents
												





													Roommates
												





													Other
												






 Pets






													Birds
												





													Cats
												





													Dogs
												





													Fish
												





													Horses
												





													Reptiles
												





													Supplies
												





													Other
												






 Community






													Activities
												





													Announcements
												





													Events
												





													Garage Sale
												





													Local News
												





													Lost and Found
												





													Musicians
												





													Politics
												





													Ride Sharing
												





													Volunteers
												





													Other
												






 Boats






													Catamarans
												





													Fishing
												





													Power
												





													Sail
												





													Watercrafts
												





													Yachts
												





													Equipment
												





													Supplies
												





													Other
												










 Jobs






													Accounting
												





													Admin & Office
												





													Architecture
												





													Art & Design
												





													BioTech
												





													Business
												





													Clerical
												





													Customer Service
												





													Education
												





													Engineering
												





													Food & Beverage
												





													General
												





													Government
												





													Health & Fitness
												





													Hotel
												





													Home Based
												





													Human Resources
												





													Legal
												





													Manufacturing
												





													Marketing
												





													Medical
												





													Non-Profit
												





													Real Estate
												





													Retail / Wholesale
												





													Sales / Business Development
												





													Salon / Spa / Fitness
												





													Security
												





													Skilled Trades
												





													Technology
												





													Transportation
												





													TV / Film / Video
												





													Other
												






 Trucks






													Heavy Duty
												





													Medium Duty
												





													Light Duty
												





													Trailers
												





													Insurance
												





													Other
												






 RV's






													Conversion Vans
												





													Motor Homes
												





													Park Model
												





													Towable
												





													Truck Camper
												





													Other
												






 Aviation






													BiPlanes
												





													Helicopter
												





													Jets
												





													Props
												





													Sea Planes
												





													Other
												










 Personals






													Men Seeking Women
												





													Women Seeking Men
												





													Women Seeking Women
												





													Men Seeking Men
												





													Casual Encounters
												





													Companions
												






 Autos






													Passenger Cars
												





													Sports Cars
												





													SUVs
												





													Minivans
												





													Pickup Trucks
												





													Crossovers
												





													Limousines
												





													Other
												





													Parts
												






 Services






													Automotive
												





													BabySitting
												





													Beauty & Health
												





													Computer
												





													Creative
												





													Engineering
												





													Event Planning
												





													Farm & Garden
												





													Financial
												





													Household
												





													Insurance
												





													Legal
												





													Marine
												





													Medical
												





													Moving
												





													Restaurants
												





													Small Business
												





													Therapeudic / Massage
												





													Travel
												





													Volunteers
												





													Other
												






 Motorcycles

Free to Sell or Post




													ATV
												





													Classic
												





													Competition
												





													Cruisers
												





													Custom
												





													Dirt Bikes
												





													Scooters
												





													Snowmobiles
												





													Sport
												





													Touring
												





													Trike
												





													Vintage
												





													Equipment
												





													Other
												









 
 

Sponsored Ad












Featured Ads Receive Maximum Exposure

















Leather Sectional White Sofa 4p. New


price:									$1,800 USD
								



 













 
Hot Ads














Cisco Router Support Australia @ 1-800-954-282


																		$100 AUD
								











Linksys Router Support Australia @ 1-800-954-282


																		$100 AUD
								











Leather Sectional White Sofa 4p. New


																		$1,800 USD
								











Order for these mouth watering delicacies and make your belo


																		$0.00 USD
								











Jet Ski Motors for Sale


																		$0.00 USD
								



 








 
Just Listed














Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								



 













PostAds.com - Free Classifieds and Auctions




































 
     
  
 


Welcome, 
			Guest
	 (   Register | Login  ) Your eBay tm  and Craigslist tm Alternative Market Place









Featured Listings

















Leather Sectional White Sofa 4p. New


price:									$1,800 USD
								



 











   

 Select Your Region







United States





Canada


United Kingdom


American Samoa


Antarctica


Antigua and Barbuda


Argentina


Aruba


Australia


Austria


Bahamas


Barbados


Belarus


Belgium


Belize


Bermuda


Brazil


British Indian Ocean Territory


Bulgaria


Cameroon


Cape Verde


Cayman Islands


Central African Republic


Chile


China


Christmas Island


Cocos (Keeling) Islands


Colombia


Comoros


Congo


Cook Islands


Costa Rica


Croatia


Czech Republic


Denmark


Dominica


Dominican Republic


Ecuador


Egypt


El Salvador


Falkland Islands (Malvinas)


Fiji


Finland


France


Georgia


Germany


Gibraltar


Greece


Greenland


Grenada


Guadeloupe


Guam


Guatemala


Haiti


Honduras


Hong Kong


Hungary


Iceland


India


Indonesia


Ireland


Israel


Italy


Jamaica


Japan


Kenya


Korea, Republic of






Latvia


Lithuania


Luxembourg


Malaysia


Malta


Marshall Islands


Martinique


Mexico


Monaco


Mongolia


Morocco


Mozambique


Namibia


Nepal


Netherlands


Netherlands Antilles


New Caledonia


New Zealand


Nicaragua


Norfolk Island


Northern Mariana Islands


Norway


Pakistan


Panama


Paraguay


Peru


Philippines


Poland


Portugal


Puerto Rico


Romania


Russian Federation


Saint Kitts and Nevis


Saint Lucia


Samoa


San Marino


Seychelles


Sierra Leone


Singapore


Solomon Islands


South Africa


Spain


Sri Lanka


St. Helena


St. Pierre and Miquelon


Sweden


Switzerland


Taiwan


Thailand


Togo


Tonga


Trinidad and Tobago


Tunisia


Turkey


Turks and Caicos Islands


Ukraine


United Arab Emirates


United States Minor Outlying Islands


Uruguay


Vatican City State (Holy See)


Venezuela


Virgin Islands (British)


Virgin Islands (U.S.)


Yemen


Yugoslavia


Zambia


Zimbabwe








 Contributions Appreciated    

Open a Store only $6.95 per month. No Insertion or Final Value Fees !!!

All Stores
Register Now To Open Your Store



 



Buy or Sell Today!
 Get Started Now!

  
Recent Articles


PostAds selects World to World Media
Posted on: July 11, 2016
Post Ads, Inc. the up and coming combined auction and classified ad...


Bulk Uploader is here
Posted on: March 01, 2016
...



View More Articles










 For Sale






													Antiques
												





													Appliances
												





													Arts & Crafts
												





													Baby & Kids
												





													Barter
												





													Beauty & Health
												





													Bicycles
												





													Books
												





													Camera & Photo
												





													Cell Phones
												





													Clothes & Shoes
												





													Coins & Paper Money
												





													Collectibles
												





													Computer / Tablets & Networing
												





													Domains & Websites
												





													Drones
												





													Electronics
												





													Free Stuff
												





													Furniture
												





													Garage Sales
												





													Home & Garden
												





													Jewelry & Watches
												





													Music
												





													Sporting Goods
												





													Tickets & Events
												





													Tools
												





													Toys & Hobbies
												





													Video Games
												





													Everything Else
												





													Want Ads
												






 Classes






													Automotive 
												





													College Needs
												





													Computer - Multimedia 
												





													Dance
												





													Gymnastics
												





													Home Improvement 
												





													Language 
												





													Music 
												





													Personal Fitness
												





													Self Defense 
												





													Other Classes
												






 Gigs






													Computer
												





													Creative
												





													Crew
												





													Domestic
												





													Labor
												





													Talent
												





													Writing
												





													Other
												










 Realty






													Single Family Home
												





													Condo / Townhome
												





													Multi-Family Home
												





													Mfd / Mobile Home
												





													Farms/Ranches
												





													Land
												





													Rentals
												





													Short Sales
												





													Short Term / Sublets
												





													Commercial 
												





													Vacation - Rentals
												





													Agents
												





													Roommates
												





													Other
												






 Pets






													Birds
												





													Cats
												





													Dogs
												





													Fish
												





													Horses
												





													Reptiles
												





													Supplies
												





													Other
												






 Community






													Activities
												





													Announcements
												





													Events
												





													Garage Sale
												





													Local News
												





													Lost and Found
												





													Musicians
												





													Politics
												





													Ride Sharing
												





													Volunteers
												





													Other
												






 Boats






													Catamarans
												





													Fishing
												





													Power
												





													Sail
												





													Watercrafts
												





													Yachts
												





													Equipment
												





													Supplies
												





													Other
												










 Jobs






													Accounting
												





													Admin & Office
												





													Architecture
												





													Art & Design
												





													BioTech
												





													Business
												





													Clerical
												





													Customer Service
												





													Education
												





													Engineering
												





													Food & Beverage
												





													General
												





													Government
												





													Health & Fitness
												





													Hotel
												





													Home Based
												





													Human Resources
												





													Legal
												





													Manufacturing
												





													Marketing
												





													Medical
												





													Non-Profit
												





													Real Estate
												





													Retail / Wholesale
												





													Sales / Business Development
												





													Salon / Spa / Fitness
												





													Security
												





													Skilled Trades
												





													Technology
												





													Transportation
												





													TV / Film / Video
												





													Other
												






 Trucks






													Heavy Duty
												





													Medium Duty
												





													Light Duty
												





													Trailers
												





													Insurance
												





													Other
												






 RV's






													Conversion Vans
												





													Motor Homes
												





													Park Model
												





													Towable
												





													Truck Camper
												





													Other
												






 Aviation






													BiPlanes
												





													Helicopter
												





													Jets
												





													Props
												





													Sea Planes
												





													Other
												










 Personals






													Men Seeking Women
												





													Women Seeking Men
												





													Women Seeking Women
												





													Men Seeking Men
												





													Casual Encounters
												





													Companions
												






 Autos






													Passenger Cars
												





													Sports Cars
												





													SUVs
												





													Minivans
												





													Pickup Trucks
												





													Crossovers
												





													Limousines
												





													Other
												





													Parts
												






 Services






													Automotive
												





													BabySitting
												





													Beauty & Health
												





													Computer
												





													Creative
												





													Engineering
												





													Event Planning
												





													Farm & Garden
												





													Financial
												





													Household
												





													Insurance
												





													Legal
												





													Marine
												





													Medical
												





													Moving
												





													Restaurants
												





													Small Business
												





													Therapeudic / Massage
												





													Travel
												





													Volunteers
												





													Other
												






 Motorcycles

Free to Sell or Post




													ATV
												





													Classic
												





													Competition
												





													Cruisers
												





													Custom
												





													Dirt Bikes
												





													Scooters
												





													Snowmobiles
												





													Sport
												





													Touring
												





													Trike
												





													Vintage
												





													Equipment
												





													Other
												









 
 

Sponsored Ad












Featured Ads Receive Maximum Exposure

















Leather Sectional White Sofa 4p. New


price:									$1,800 USD
								



 













 
Hot Ads














Cisco Router Support Australia @ 1-800-954-282


																		$100 AUD
								











Linksys Router Support Australia @ 1-800-954-282


																		$100 AUD
								











Leather Sectional White Sofa 4p. New


																		$1,800 USD
								











Order for these mouth watering delicacies and make your belo


																		$0.00 USD
								











Jet Ski Motors for Sale


																		$0.00 USD
								



 








 
Just Listed














Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								











Server and Operating System Management


																		$0.00 USD
								



 











 



PostAds Group 
















































































 




 



 
 
 


– Main Menu –WHAT WE DO - Post-Production Consulting
- Supplier Management
- Ad Distribution Workflow
- AdRecovery™
ABOUT US - Leadership
PORTFOLIO - Our Clients
PROFILES - Hollywood Lessons for Change Management
- Hollywood Meets Madison Avenue
- Top 5 Production Tips
- Changing DNA of Marketers and Ad Agencies
- What’s the Point of Post
- PostAds-AdAge White Paper
- Burger King – Lezcano
- Burger King – Bonaparte
- PostAds CEO
- PostAds COO
- Sony Pictures
CONTACT US
 


WHAT WE DO

Post-Production Consulting
Supplier Management
Ad Distribution Workflow
AdRecovery™


ABOUT US

Leadership


PORTFOLIO

Our Clients


PROFILES

Hollywood Lessons for Change Management
Hollywood Meets Madison Avenue
Top 5 Production Tips
Changing DNA of Marketers and Ad Agencies
What’s the Point of Post
PostAds-AdAge White Paper
Burger King – Lezcano
Burger King – Bonaparte
PostAds CEO
PostAds COO
Sony Pictures


CONTACT US











 
 


 




 








































































 





Features


PAG White Paper
The PAG-AdAge white paper "From Content Creation to Value Creation: The Proliferation of Video Content" is available for download on AdAge.com/PostAds.
PAG @ ANA 2017
PAG presented "Hollywood Meets Madison Avenue" at the ANA Production Meeting in Los Angeles; and will be attending ANA Masters of Marketing in Oct 2017.
PAG in A-PAC
PostAds traveled to Sydney & Singapore to assist MasterCard implementing new post-production and adaptation processes, including the Hugh Jackman "Safety & Security" campaign!  

PAG in LatAm
PAG works with local offices in São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Buenos Aires and Mexico City to assist Warner Bros. and 20th Century Fox implementing new adaptation technologies on TV/Digital campaigns.
News FeedTop 3 Hollywood Lessons for Change Management: A Guide for Global MarketersJohn Lipuma, co-founder and CEO of Postads Group, looks to the silver screen for tips on change manaJuly 10, 2017 by admin0 CommentBig Consultants & the Quiet CoupINFLUENCER: PostAds Group predicts big changes in the advertising business as the balance of power sJuly 03, 2017 by admin0 CommentWhat’s the Point of Post?John Lipuma, Co-Founder and CEO of PostAds Group, discusses how they’re helping marketers get to griJuly 01, 2017 by admin0 CommentThe Changing DNA of Marketers & Ad AgenciesJohn Lipuma, CEO and co-founder of PostAds Group, on how in-house creative and post-production is peJune 30, 2017 by admin0 Comment12345Next ›Last »
Tweets by @PostAdsGroup




 
 
 





 


 
 


 




























