





Roeder, Ross E. - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































Ross E. Roeder
ROSS E. ROEDER is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of
Smart & Final Inc., which sells food, foodservice products and
professional-quality culinary equipment through warehouse stores,
wholesale stores and broadline foodservice distribution businesses. In
1977, Mr. Roeder became a Director of Thriftimart, a previous owner of
Smart & Final, and he since has served continuously as a director of
Thriftimart, Smart & Final and Casino USA, a holding company for the
French majority shareholder of Smart & Final. In addition, Mr. Roeder
has served as a Director of Smart & Final’s subsidiary companies for
more than 21 years. During 1998, Mr. Roeder played a key role as a
consultant with Smart & Final’s Florida store and foodservice
distribution operations. In January 1999, he took the helm at Smart &
Final Inc. The company operates 188 Smart & Final warehouse stores in
California, Arizona, Nevada, Florida and northern Mexico and 45 Cash &
Carry wholesale stores in the Pacific Northwest and northern California.
It also operates two foodservice distribution businesses located in
northern California and Florida. Sales for fiscal year 2001 were $1.9
billion. Mr. Roeder has earned an outstanding reputation as one of the
nation’s most successful and knowledgeable executives in the retail
industry. He began his career with Baskin-Robbins, where he was
responsible for opening the chain’s eastern and international
operations. He also was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer of Denny’s Inc., a 900-unit national restaurant chain, which
included a foodservice distribution company and processing operations.
He also served as Chief Executive Officer of Fotomat, one of the
country’s largest retail photo finishers, with more than 2,400 outlets
throughout the US. Prior to joining the management team at Smart &
Final, he served as Chairman of Morgan Kaufmann Publishers. Mr. Roeder
was a recipient of the Michigan Technological University Outstanding
Alumnus Silver Medal, and is a member of the Board of Trustees of
Michigan Technological University in Houghton, Michigan. Mr. Roeder
received his Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Michigan
State University. He served in the United States Army as a military
intelligence officer, then completed his Master’s degree in Business
Administration at the University of California, Los Angeles. Mr. Roeder
is also a member of the Board of Directors of Gulf West Banks, St.
Petersburg, Florida; Chico’s, a retail chain of women’s clothing stores,
Fort Meyers, Florida; and Phi Kappa Tau Foundation, Oxford, Ohio. He is
a university lecturer and a frequent speaker and panelist at
professional trade and business organization meetings.
Related Interviews:Ross Roeder - Smart & Final Inc (smf)April 29, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google





















Ross E. Roeder - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Ross E. Roeder
Board Member at Chico's FAS, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Ross E. Roeder? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ross E. Roeder's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ross E. Roeder's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ross E. Roeder's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ross E. Roeder through your network of contacts.
												








Ross E. Roeder's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Chico's FAS, Inc.


Past
To view Ross E. Roeder's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
79

 
 


Ross E. Roeder's Biography



Ross E. Roeder, 78, has been a director since 1997 and served as the Chair of the Board from 2009 until 2015. Mr. Roeder is the former Chairman of Smart & Final, Inc., a chain of food supply stores, having held this position from 1999 and having also served as a director of SFI Corporation, the parent corporation of Smart & Final, from 1984 until his retirement in 2007. From 1999 until 2004, Mr. Roeder also held the position of Chief Executive Officer of Smart & Final, Inc. From 1986 to 1998, Mr. Roeder served as a director of Morgan-Kaufman Publishers, Inc., a publisher of computer science text and reference books, and from 1993 to 1998 serv ...
(Read More)

			Ross E. Roeder, 78, has been a director since 1997 and served as the Chair of the Board from 2009 until 2015. Mr. Roeder is the former Chairman of Smart & Final, Inc., a chain of food supply stores, having held this position from 1999 and having also served as a director of SFI Corporation, the parent corporation of Smart & Final, from 1984 until his retirement in 2007. From 1999 until 2004, Mr. Roeder also held the position of Chief Executive Officer of Smart & Final, Inc. From 1986 to 1998, Mr. Roeder served as a director of Morgan-Kaufman Publishers, Inc., a publisher of computer science text and reference books, and from 1993 to 1998 served as its Chairman of the Board. From 1986 until February 1993, Mr. Roeder was President and Chief Executive Officer of Federal Construction Company. Mr. Roeder was also a director of Mercantile Bank from 1995 to 2006.
As the former chief executive officer of a retail company, Mr. Roeder has many years of experience as a senior executive in the retail industry. We believe that Mr. Roeder's extensive retail industry experience and executive leadership experience coupled with his 18 years as a director of the Company, qualifies him to sit on our Board.
		
Source: Chico's FAS, Inc. on 06/06/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Ross E. Roeder's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Ross E. Roeder. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Ross E. Roeder's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Ross E. Roeder's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Ross E. Roeder through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Ross E. Roeder


















Ross E. Roeder's Connections (126)





Sign up now to view Ross E. Roeder's 126 connections »









Shelley G. Broader
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, Chico's FAS, Inc.









William S. Simon
Board Member, Darden Restaurants, Inc.









Kristin L. Oliver
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Chico's FAS, Inc.









David F. Dyer
Former Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, Tommy Hilfiger









Gary A. King
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, T-Mobile US, Inc.









Andrea M. Weiss
Board Member, Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.









A. Alexander Rhodes
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary, Tailored Brands, Inc.









Betsy S. Atkins
Board Member, HD Supply Holdings, Inc.









James S. MacLeod
Non-executive Chairman, Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated









Pamela K. Knous
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, Chico's FAS, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















ROSS E ROEDER - SAINT PETERSBURG, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



SAINT PETERSBURG



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            ROSS E ROEDER
                                    



 





















R 


ROSS E ROEDER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3051 44TH AVE N SAINT PETERSBURG, FL 33714
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts ROSS E ROEDER






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Ross E Roeder was founded in 2010. Ross E Roeder specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Director of Chico’s FAS (NYSE:CHS), Roeder Ross E, sells 10,000 shares worth ,500








































Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

BusinessEntertainmentFeatured NewsFeatured Press ReleaseFinanceHealthLifestyleNationNon FirstPageOriginalPress ReleaseReviewShoppingSportsStocksTechnologyTravelWorld


Latest Comments in RSS


 / 













EmpoweredNews
World News Summary Helping You Stay Informed









Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping




Our Writers
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise
Press Releases
















Director of Chico’s FAS (NYSE:CHS), Roeder Ross E, sells 10,000 shares worth $97,500
According to Chico's FAS's most recent Form 4 filing with the SEC dated Jun 14 05:18 PM, company Director, Roeder Ross E disclosed selling 10,000 shares at a cost of $9.75. At the time of this transaction (Jun 12), this trade was worth $97,500 in total. As of Jun 12, Roeder Ross E now owns 79,327 shares in total worth about $748,053.61. 
For the last few recent trades made by Chico's FAS (NYSE:CHS) Director, Roeder Ross E, we have the following information:




SEC Form 4 filing: Jun 01: Sold 5,000 shares at the rate of $9.50 per share. Total worth of this trade was $47,500. Total number of shares owned as of Jun 01 were 89,327
SEC Form 4 filing: Mar 02: Sold 19,926 shares at the rate of $14.32 per share. Total worth of this trade was $285,321. Total number of shares owned as of Mar 02 were 94,327
SEC Form 4 filing: Dec 09: Sold 5,000 shares at the rate of $16.63 per share. Total worth of this trade was $83,175. Total number of shares owned as of Dec 09 were 114,253




					Posted by  



George Daniels 

					
					on Wednesday June 14 2017, 5:52 PM EDT. 

All trademarks acknowledged. 
Filed under Stocks.

	Comments and Trackbacks closed.	
 Follow responses: 
RSS 2.0




Comments are closed


 Latest News 
EVP, CL&AO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Parini Michael, sells 10,829 shares worth $1,743,469
CEO & President of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Leiden Jeffrey M, sells 184,374 shares worth $29,684,214
EVP GMDA, CMO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Chodakewitz Jeffrey, sells 39,833 shares worth $6,413,113
EVP, Global Research and CSO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Altshuler David, sells 28,979 shares worth $4,665,619
EVP\Chief Commercial Officer of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Arbuckle Stuart A, sells 89,400 shares worth $14,441,830
See Remarks of Aimmune Therapeutics (NASDAQ:AIMT), Sheehy Douglas T., sells 7,460 shares worth $161,558
SVP and General Counsel of NxStage Medical (NASDAQ:NXTM), Swan Winifred L, sells 3,500 shares worth $84,560
Chief Product Officer of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Cox Christopher K, sells 16,000 shares worth $2,628,483
Founder & Executive Chairman of Ellie Mae (NYSE:ELLI), Anderman Sigmund, sells 1,319 shares worth $144,958
Chief Financial Officer of Civitas Solutions (NYSE:CIVI), Holler Denis M., sells 5,300 shares worth $101,230

 


News Categories 
Business (7)

Stocks (15,794)



Entertainment (1,297)

Featured News (3,487)

Featured Press Release (255,584)

Finance (309)

Health (653)

Lifestyle (19)

Nation (90)

Non FirstPage (2)

Original (47)

Press Release (18)

Review (1)

Shopping (267)

Sports (613)

Technology (195)

Travel (286)

World (1,368)


  Featured Press Releases 
EVP, CL&AO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Parini Michael, sells 10,829 shares worth $1,743,469
CEO & President of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Leiden Jeffrey M, sells 184,374 shares worth $29,684,214
EVP GMDA, CMO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Chodakewitz Jeffrey, sells 39,833 shares worth $6,413,113
EVP, Global Research and CSO of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Altshuler David, sells 28,979 shares worth $4,665,619
EVP\Chief Commercial Officer of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorpor (NASDAQ:VRTX), Arbuckle Stuart A, sells 89,400 shares worth $14,441,830
See Remarks of Aimmune Therapeutics (NASDAQ:AIMT), Sheehy Douglas T., sells 7,460 shares worth $161,558
SVP and General Counsel of NxStage Medical (NASDAQ:NXTM), Swan Winifred L, sells 3,500 shares worth $84,560
Chief Product Officer of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Cox Christopher K, sells 16,000 shares worth $2,628,483
Founder & Executive Chairman of Ellie Mae (NYSE:ELLI), Anderman Sigmund, sells 1,319 shares worth $144,958
Chief Financial Officer of Civitas Solutions (NYSE:CIVI), Holler Denis M., sells 5,300 shares worth $101,230







Business
Finance
Sports
Entertainment
Health
Technology
Travel
Shopping
 

About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise
Press Releases
Terms Of Service
 
Log in 


















 Ross Roeder 

 | Alumni and Friends | Michigan Tech 
 








 









Skip to page content Skip to site navigation Skip to footer navigation





Search Michigan Tech








Search this site








Search the directory







































Get Connected

Events
Networks
Regional Chapters
Reunion
Volunteer Opportunities
Contact Us


Benefits for Alumni

Alumni Publications
Benefits
Career Tools
Continuing Education
Order a Transcript
Tech Gear


Alumni Recognition

Academies
Alumni Awards
Alumni Profiles
Presidential Council of Alumnae
War Memorial Wall
Husky Plaza Paver Search


Alumni Favorites

Athletics
Snowfall Records and Contests
Pasties and Pickled Eggs
Keweenaw Links
Tech Memories
Huskies Pep Band
Alumni-Student Broomball Invitational
Michigan Tech Traditions


Giving

MyMichiganTech Login

 















Alumni and Friends



Alumni and Friends
> Alumni Profiles








 Also in this section

Alumni Recognition


Academies

Alumni Awards

Alumni Profiles



Presidential Council of Alumnae

War Memorial Wall

Husky Plaza Paver Search







Facebook
LinkedIn
Flickr
Twitter





Ross Roeder









Ross E. Roeder says his years at Michigan Tech gave him "an edge" in graduate school and in his career.Roeder studied at Tech from 1958-60 before transferring to Michigan State University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in business administration. After serving in the US Army, he earned an MBA at UCLA.Roeder is chairman of the board of Smart & Final, Inc., a warehouse chain that serves caterers as well as small businesses and restaurants. The firm operates in the western US and northern Mexico.In a career of remarkable range, Roeder has led businesses in food service, restaurants, photodeveloping, construction, publishing, and consultation for emerging companies.He maintains close ties with Michigan Tech. He is a charter member of the McNair Society of planned givers; a past president and life trustee of the Michigan Tech Fund; and a member of the National Advisory Board of the School of Business and Economics. He has established an endowed scholarship for the SBE to encourage entrepreneurship and leadership. He remains a fervent fan and financial supporter of Michigan Tech's football program. Roeder was a founding member of Tech's chapter of Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity.He was awarded the Michigan Tech Board of Trustees Silver Medal in 1986. He was also named the Alumni Association Honorary Alumnus in 2007.Excerpted from the 2007 Alumni Reunion Awards Program





SearchProfiles by Class YearClass Year1924192519261928193119321933193419351936193719381939194019411942194319441946194719481949195019511952195319541955195619571958195919601961196219631964196519661967196819691970197119721973197419751976197719781979198019811982198319841985198619871988198919901991199219931994199519961997199819992000200120022003200420052006200720082009201020112012201320142016Profiles by MajorMajorApplied GeophysicsApplied PhysicsApplied Science EducationBioinformaticsBiological SciencesBiomedical EngineeringBusiness AdministrationChemical EngineeringChemistryCivil EngineeringComputer ScienceEconomicsElectrical EngineeringElectrical Engineering TechnologyEngineeringEngineering MechanicsEngineering PhysicsEnvironmental EngineeringEnvironmental PolicyForestryGeneral ScienceGeological EngineeringGeologyGeophysical EngineeringIndustrial ArchaeologyLiberal ArtsMarketingMaterials Science and EngineeringMathematicsMechanical EngineeringMedical TechnologyMetallurgical EngineeringMetallurgical and Materials EngineeringMiningMining EngineeringOperations ManagementPhysicsPhysiologyRhetoric and Technical CommunicationScientific and Technical CommunicationSocial SciencesSound DesignTechnical WritingWildlife Ecology and ManagementWood ScienceProfiles by NameA B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z all



















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Insider Trading - Roeder Ross E - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Roeder Ross E





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-09Sale
2016-12-135:18 pm
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Roeder Ross EDirector
5,000
$16.63
$83,174
114,253(Direct)
View


2016-12-06Sale
2016-12-085:04 pm
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Roeder Ross EDirector
15,000
$16.1
$241,485
119,253(Direct)
View


2016-12-01Sale
2016-12-055:09 pm
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Roeder Ross EDirector
10,000
$15.57
$155,669
134,253(Direct)
View


2016-11-23Sale
2016-11-284:35 pm
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Roeder Ross EDirector
15,000
$15.72
$235,800
144,253(IndirectDirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-07-21Option Award
2016-07-255:06 pm
N/AN/A
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Roeder Ross EDirector
11,170
$0
159,253(Direct)
View


2015-06-25Option Award
2015-06-294:28 pm
N/AN/A
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Roeder Ross EDirector
7,700
$0
148,083(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 21 Jul 2017 20:01:44 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  










Ross E. Roeder: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 9:01 PM ET
Food and Staples Retailing

Company Overview of Smart & Final, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ross E. Roeder  Director , Smart & Final, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships79--
Background

		Mr. Ross E. Roeder serves as Chief Executive Officer of Smart & Final Stores. Mr. Roeder serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of American Foodservice Distributors. He served as President of Smart & Final Inc. since January 1999 and Chief Executive Officer from January 1999 to May 2004. He served as Chief Executive Officer of MDR, Inc. since 1970. From 1986 to February 1993, He served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Federal Construction Company. ... He served as the Non Executive Chairman of the Board at Chico's FAS, Inc. from January 07, 2009 to August 16, 2015. He serves as the Chairman of the Board of Smart & Final Stores and Smart & Final Foodservice, both subsidiaries of Smart & Final Inc. He serves as Chairman of MDR, Inc. He served as the Chairman of Morgan-Kaufman Publishers, Inc., from 1993 to 1998. He served as the Chairman of Smart & Final Inc. from January 1999 to 2007. He served as the Chairman of Morgan Kaufman Publishers from 1984 to 1998. He has been a Director of Smart & Final Inc. since 1984. He serves as a Director of Smart & Final Foodservice, South Financial Group, Henry Lee, Miami, Florida; Ft. Myers, Florida; and Port Stockton Foods. He served as a Lead Director of Chico's FAS, Inc. since September 27, 2007 and served as its Independent Director from 1997 to June 22, 2017. He served as a Director of Mercantile Bank, a subsidiary of The South Financial Group since 1995. He served as Director of Morgan-Kaufman Publishers, Inc., from 1986 to 1998. He became Chairman of Corporate Governance Committee in early 1999 and a Member of the boards of Directors of principal subsidiaries of Smart & Final Inc. From 1995 to 2002, he served as a Director of Gulf West Banks, Inc. in St. Petersburg, Florida. He served as a Director of SFI Corporation, the parent corporation of Smart & Final, since 1984.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
600 Citadel DriveCommerce, California 90040United StatesPhone: 323-869-7500Fax: 323-869-7856
Board Members Memberships
1984-PresentDirector Smart & Final, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Chico's FAS, Inc.Gulf West Banks, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Smart & Final, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 


   Ross Roeder | Chico's | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




































Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















