








Ruisi, Lawrence J. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Lawrence J. Ruisi
LAWRENCE J. RUISI has served as President and CEO of Loews Cineplex
Entertainment since it was formed in May 1998 through the merger of
Loews Theatres and Cineplex Odeon. Mr. Ruisi, who spearheaded the merger
for Sony, is currently overseeing the Company’s domestic and
international expansion, as well as the integration of the two
companies. Mr. Ruisi has worked extensively in theatrical exhibition as
well as filmed entertainment. Prior to becoming President of Loews
Cineplex, Mr. Ruisi was President of Sony Retail Entertainment (SRE),
and oversaw SRE’s Theatrical Exhibition Group, which included the Loews
and Sony theatres circuit, Star Theatres of Michigan and Magic Johnson
Theatres. In that time, he had been instrumental in both strategic
planning and development of SRE’s location based entertainment complexes
around the world. Prior to becoming President of SRE, Mr. Ruisi was
Executive Vice President of Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE). SPE is
one of leading motion picture companies in the U.S., encompassing the
Columbia Pictures and TriStar Pictures motion picture studios, Columbia
and TriStar Television, and worldwide distribution of its products in
theatrical, television and home video markets. As Executive Vice
President of SPE, Mr. Ruisi had operating responsibility for Loews
theatres and was instrumental in the development and opening of New York
City’s Sony theatres Lincoln Square, one of the world’s most successful
movie theatre complexes. With 12 conventional screens and the world’s
largest 3-D IMAX Theatre, Sony Theatres Lincoln Square is the highest
grossing theatre in the U.S. Mr. Ruisi was also involved in the
conception and formation of SRE’s partnership with Earvin ‘Magic’
Johnson’s Johnson Development Company to create the Magic Johnson
Theatres circuit. Magic Johnson theatres builds and operates state-of-
the-art movie theatres in minority communities throughout the U.S., with
current locations in Los Angeles, Atlanta and Houston. Mr. Ruisi also
served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Columbia
Pictures Entertainment (CPE), the predecessor company of SPE. During his
tenure as CFO, he was instrumental in CPE’s acquisition of Loews
Theatres and was also involved in the acquisition of CPE by Sony in
1990. While CPE was a publicly held company, Mr. Ruisi was responsible
for the full range of public reporting responsibilities, as well as
arranging over a billion dollars in debt financing and supervising more
than 1000 employees in the areas of finance, accounting, MIS, human
resources and administration. Prior to the merger of Columbia Pictures
and TriStar Pictures in 1987, Mr. Ruisi was Vice President and
Controller, and then Senior Vice President of TriStar Pictures. Mr.
Ruisi was one of the key executives who started TriStar Pictures in
1983. Before his involvement in the motion picture business, he spent 13
years with Price Waterhouse as a Senior Audit Manager with clients in a
variety of businesses. Mr. Ruisi holds Bachelor and MBA degrees from St.
John’s University.
Related Interviews:Lawrence J. Ruisi -  Loews Cineplex Entertainment Corporation (lcp)January 10, 1999







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




   Lawrence Ruisi | Credit Suisse First Boston LLC | ZoomInfo.com




Insider Trading - Ruisi Lawrence - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Ruisi Lawrence





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2017-01-03Option Award
2017-01-055:58 pm
N/AN/A
Athene Holding Ltd
ATH
Ruisi LawrenceDirector
458
$0.001
61,611(Direct)
View


2016-12-15Option Award
2016-12-168:45 pm
N/AN/A
Athene Holding Ltd
ATH
Ruisi LawrenceDirector
467
$0.001
61,153(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 18:55:33 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  















Lawrence Ruisi - Previous Director for Adaptec, Inc.

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California



                
                >
                

Milpitas







 Lawrence Ruisi
                        

Archived Record

                                    Milpitas,
                                    CA
                                
—
Previous Director for Adaptec, Inc.




(408)945-8600














Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        























Lawrence Ruisi Overview
                    

Lawrence Ruisi has been associated with one company, according to public records. The company was incorporated in Florida, Florida, Florida, Texas, Texas, California, California, Nevada, and New York thirty-six years ago.
                    
                






Background Report for Lawrence J. Ruisi


 Includes Age, Location, Address History for Lawrence J. Ruisi
 Arrest, Criminal, & Driving Records 
 Social Media Profiles
 Possible relatives
 Full Background Report 




                    Get Report
                



                        Sponsored Advertisement

                    








                            Network Visualizer
                        























Advertisements










 Excel
                    
Companies for Lawrence Ruisi








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            Adaptec, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Director
                            













 Excel
                    
Connections for Lawrence Ruisi

                         A connection is made when two people are officers, directors, or otherwise associated with the same company. Lawrence has seventy known connections and has the most companies in common with Kenneth Barkoff. 
                    



1



                                    Kenneth Barkoff
                                



                                        Kenneth Barkoff has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Paul Burgon
                                



                                        Paul Burgon has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Jack L. Howard
                                



                                        Jack L. Howard has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                CEO
                            









1



                                    Jack L. Howrd
                                



                                        Jack L. Howrd has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                President
                            









1



                                    Warren Lichtenstein
                                



                                        Warren Lichtenstein has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Pete Marciniak
                                



                                        Pete Marciniak has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Leonard J. McGill
                                



                                        Leonard J. McGill has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    John Mutch
                                



                                        John Mutch has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Kenneth Torosian
                                



                                        Kenneth Torosian has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Robert J. Valentine
                                



                                        Robert J. Valentine has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Douglas F. Woodworth
                                



                                        Douglas F. Woodworth has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Chief Financial Offi
                            









1



                                    Ed L. Yerdon
                                



                                        Ed L. Yerdon has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Active
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Kenneth B. Arola
                                



                                        Kenneth B. Arola has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Mike Bellnier
                                



                                        Mike Bellnier has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Laurence B. Boucher
                                



                                        Laurence B. Boucher has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                President
                            









1



                                    Steve Calkins
                                



                                        Steve Calkins has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    John Casalaspi
                                



                                        John Casalaspi has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Jon S. Castor
                                



                                        Jon S. Castor has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Director
                            









1



                                    Ralph Clark
                                



                                        Ralph Clark has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            









1



                                    Tim Connolly
                                



                                        Tim Connolly has the following companies in common with Lawrence Ruisi
                                        








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            A-----------.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1981
                        
                


                                90
                            



                                Vice President
                            























 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Lawrence Ruisi










691 S Milpitas Blvd
Milpitas, CA 95035









Advertisements









Sources







Florida Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Tuesday, April 11, 2017
                            








Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Lawrence Ruisi.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Lawrence Ruisi and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        



















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                691 S Milpitas Blvd  Milpitas, CA 95035

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Lawrence Ruisi however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Sources
            





                        Florida Department of State
                    




                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,580 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,735 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,202 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,452 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,359 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,734 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,181 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,579 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,066 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,849 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,735 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,888 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,967 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,462 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,533 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,178 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,206 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,761 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,100 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,571 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,580 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,373 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,916 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,345 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,948 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,855 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,337 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,897 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,482 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,206 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,611 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,829 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,578 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,393 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,535 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,313 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,017 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,087 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,214 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,672 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        598,002 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,329 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,346 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,674 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,012 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,150 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,720 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,368 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,908 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,356 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,452 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,362 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,349 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,729 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,595 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,496 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,310 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,732 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,782 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,359 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,239 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,847 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,897 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,959 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,202 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,750 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,421 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,907 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,957 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,501 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,498 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,078 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,325 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,945 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,976 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,782 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































California Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Silverback 5150 Pictures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Allen Hughes










Entit Software LLC

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeremy K. Cox
Christopher Hsu
Remi Thomas










Big Bay City, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaley Cuoco Living Trust










Dura Logistics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Chino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric James Price
Varoujean Salatian










Progenitech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Renee Ying
Jeffrey Ying
Renee Chen










Sturmer Pippin Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redding, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
H36 Sturmer Pippin Holding Company, LLC










Honey and Lace, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beaumont, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Gail Ingram
Dianne Ingram










H&S Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan & Sons, Inc.










Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Unification Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fremont, CA
                                                
                                        










Cleotech Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Altos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Isabel Ge Mahe










Dissonance, Inc

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Trent Reznor










Mirando Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Studios, Inc.
Netflix Studios, LLC










Wg+R Law Group, PC

                                                
                                                    Alameda, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
D'Anne L. Gleicher
Danne Gleidier










DAR Waterfront & Associates, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sherman Oaks, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel A. Rivero










Campion Maverick Inc.

                                                
                                                    La Jolla, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anjum Mahmood
Mukesh Assomull
Priya Assomull










Hassan & Sons, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cypress, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Salaheddin Fawzi Hassan
O. Nesheiwat
Brentina Lisa










Not Too Big to Fall Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nigel Johnson










Off Price Apparel, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Monica, CA
                                                
                                        










Regalian, LLC

                                                
                                                    Glendale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Justin L M Leong










Sisyphus Touring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Afinarte Music, LLC

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jorge Gaxiola
Luis M. Magallon










Sonder Restaurant Bakersfield, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        










Imperishable Crown LLC

                                                
                                                    Fresno, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gianeh Arakelyan
Matthew Allen Garabedian










Xcl Titling Trust

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wilmington Trust National Association
Xchange Leasing, LLC










Gemstra Inc

                                                
                                                    Brea, CA
                                                
                                        










Adventures In Wonderland, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Necronomicom, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










M&A Instruments Inc

                                                
                                                    Arcadia, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qiang Zhang










Rasier, LLC

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Karen Walker
Gautam Gupta
Axel Martinez










Breckenridge Property Fund 2016, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David R. Wehrly
Gregory L. Geiser
Wedgewood LLC










Duke Partners II, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wedgewood LLC
Gregory L. Geiser
David R. Wehrly










Pensent Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jasmine Le










Psiquantum, Corp.

                                                
                                                    Palo Alto, CA
                                                
                                        










Netflix Studios, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Holdings, LLC










Dli Properties LLC

                                                
                                                    Agoura Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Strategic Acquisitions










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Dome Garage, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nationwide Theatres Corp.










Gep Talent Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gep Atl LLC










Tiger Financial Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aysen Ozkan
Brian Ozkan Trust 2/12/
Brian Ozkan Trust Dated 2 12 07










Bender Entertainment Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bob Earl Bender










Esperer Holdings, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Barbara, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
D. S. Sorensen
Shannon P. Sorensen
David S. Sorensen










Netflix Studios, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        










Assembled Productions III LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        










Treyball Development, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harry Smith










West Brands, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kanye West
Charlie Wilhoit
Charles Willhoit










Major Safe Co., Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        










Tectus Systems Corporation

                                                
                                                    Saratoga, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Drew Perkins










Asm Equities, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph Michael










Three Sons & A Dog, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Granada Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fordall Cole
Ford V. Cole



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Lightning Credit Solutions LLC
17 days ago


Los Angeles




Brainesis Inc
17 days ago


San Gabriel




Field/Paoli Architects, Inc.
17 days ago


San Francisco




Asm Equities, Inc.
17 days ago


Los Angeles




I’'ll Just Open A Shop Inc
17 days ago


Alhambra




Adamas Pharma, LLC
17 days ago


Emeryville




Ring Protect Inc.
17 days ago


Santa Monica




Coresystems USA Inc.
19 days ago


San Francisco




Reason 4 Sports LLC
19 days ago


Encino




Pevii Plano Block A, LLC
19 days ago


Los Angeles




Vicura Dfw, LLC
19 days ago


Corona del Mar




Windsor 5250 Spe, LLC
19 days ago


Newport Beach




Cwsfg 17 Galleria 5250, LLC
19 days ago


Newport Beach




Teledyne E2V, Inc.
19 days ago


Milpitas




Cws Galleria 5250, L.P.
19 days ago


Newport Beach




Regents 5250 Spe, LLC
19 days ago


Newport Beach




Msl Sacto, LLC
19 days ago


Costa Mesa




Smith Legacy, LLC
19 days ago


Encino




Wip - Arbor Vista 2, LLC
19 days ago


San Francisco




Hill Country Elephant Preserve
19 days ago


Perris




Gokairav Tx LLC
19 days ago


Tustin




Eternity Bay Group LLC
19 days ago


Danville




2020 Beast Holdings, LLC
19 days ago


City of Industry




Miami Color Creations LLC
19 days ago


Encino




Beakerbox, LLC
19 days ago


Los Angeles




Moonlights LLC
20 days ago


Reseda




Squire Financial Services LLC
20 days ago


La Quinta




Pelican Ranch LLC
20 days ago


Valley Village




Metalk and His Friends Technology, LLC
20 days ago


San Jose




Tech Financial, LLC
20 days ago


Beverly Hills




Unvig, LLC
20 days ago


Los Angeles




Carlmont Hills, LLC
20 days ago


Los Altos Hills




A Better Community LLC
20 days ago


Bakersfield




Golestan Properties, LLC
20 days ago


Los Gatos




Financial Reporting Specialists LLC
20 days ago


Glendale




J & R Restaurants, LLC
20 days ago


Bassett




Alt Services LLC
20 days ago


Pioneer




Nabuk Services, LLC
20 days ago


Bakersfield




Los Angeles Basketball Academy LLC
20 days ago


Los Angeles




Golden Fabricates LLC.
20 days ago


Turlock




Memo's Tires & Auto Repair, LLC
20 days ago


Kerman




Hello June Films LLC
20 days ago


North Hollywood




O'Dell Farms, LLC
20 days ago


Cardiff




Plebs and Largess LLC
20 days ago


Pacific Palisades




Dillon J Shook, LLC
20 days ago


Encino




Terra Luna Farms, LLC
20 days ago


Rohnert Park




Atlas Behavior Services LLC
20 days ago


Sherman Oaks




So On Music LLC
20 days ago


Los Angeles




Citygirlgonemom, LLC
20 days ago


Carlsbad




Cape Nano Products LLC
20 days ago


San Diego









Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,069
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,617
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,048
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,943
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,013
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,077
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,121
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,042
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,442
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,668
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,658
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Milpitas, California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Milpitas, CA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Teledyne E2V, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Mehrabian
Aldo Pichelli
Melanie S. Cibik










Gyrfalcon Technology Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qi Dong










Crescologix Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        










Vortex Global, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qi Dong










Sf Motors, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Zhengping Zhang
Michael Deng










Montague Place, LLC

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Badru Valani










Intsig Information Corporation

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lixin Zhen
David Dong










Ymt Global

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bibo Zeng










Lumentum Operations LLC

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aaron Tachibana
Lumentum, Inc.
Craig Cocchi










China Mobile Technology (USA) Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Liming Gao










Svision Research, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Xianzhao Peng










Diesel Acquisitions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Devon Constructions, Inc.










Devon Constructions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        










Squeezers Burger Factory, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        










Viet Phu Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cuong Tan Pham
Viet Hoai Luu










West Coast Property Management

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wynton Waldorf
Prashant Mehta
Shawn Mehta










Lenthor Engineering, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Mark P. Lencioni










Athk Construction Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Antom Hai Tran










Eico, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Arlen Chou
Hsun K. Chou
Kathryn Sullivan










Flextronics America, LLC

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael McNamara
Paul Read
Chris Collier










Hirutech USA, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sam Meng










Cnr Construction Corp.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Chunbo Zhang










Intelitrial Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        




















                    Recently found companies in Milpitas
                





Company
Found




Teledyne E2V, Inc.


                19 days ago
            



Next Associates, LLC


                20 days ago
            



Poppy Nail Lounge LLC


                20 days ago
            



Vlight Optronics Technology, LLC


                20 days ago
            



Tn Property Investors, LLC


                20 days ago
            



589 Zen Gardens LLC


                20 days ago
            



991 Montague Expressway, LLC


                20 days ago
            



Thermal Therapies, Inc.


                20 days ago
            



Chengli Corporation


                20 days ago
            



Ausneni Transportation Inc


                20 days ago
            



A+ Team Wireless, Inc


                20 days ago
            



Tigers Taproom, LLC


                27 days ago
            



Bay Area Tax and Accounting Services


                27 days ago
            



Centerra Solutions, Inc.


                27 days ago
            



S&P Equity


                27 days ago
            



Jane Kenneth E. Zarate, DDS. Inc.


                27 days ago
            



Best Management Services


                27 days ago
            



Innovation Exponents Corporation


                27 days ago
            



Unitedsuperior International Inc.


                27 days ago
            



Casterbay LLC


                1 month ago
            



Zr Tec, LLC


                1 month ago
            



to Commercial Property, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Very Good Computing, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Swadesh India Bazar LLC


                1 month ago
            



US Tattoo Depot Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Pragnya


                1 month ago
            



Bodhi Meditation College (America) Ltd.


                1 month ago
            



Cars A2B Inc


                1 month ago
            



Artistry by Athena Inc


                1 month ago
            



Huya Corporation


                1 month ago
            



South Bay Eco Citizens


                1 month ago
            



Indo US Media


                1 month ago
            



Enpire LLC


                1 month ago
            



Enquero Consulting LLC


                1 month ago
            



Magic Finish, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Linear Technology LLC


                1 month ago
            



Asd Enterprises LLC


                1 month ago
            



1500 Properties, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Full Pull Transport, LLC


                1 month ago
            



M. A. Katz Psychological Services, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Roboqueue Inc.


                1 month ago
            



M and G Motor Works


                1 month ago
            



Camacho Painting, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Yelnats Solution, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Golden Micro Academy Inc


                1 month ago
            



Askannausa


                1 month ago
            



Golden Health Advocates


                1 month ago
            



Evangel Bible Church of Silicon Valley


                1 month ago
            



Sun Bloom Acupuncture Inc


                1 month ago
            



Darseek, Inc.


                1 month ago
            








Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,385
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,069
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,617
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,770
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,048
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,866
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,518
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,517
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,943
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,013
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,077
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,121
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,042
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,606
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,442
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,668
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,658
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,449
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,562
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.
















Lawrence  Ruisi - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Lawrence  Ruisi
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Lawrence  Ruisi. Find out Lawrence  Ruisi address and contact details. View other people related to Lawrence  Ruisi - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

121 WHIPPOORWILL ROAD  ARMONK 10504 NY




Companies related to Lawrence  Ruisi
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000709804Steel Excel Inc.Director 2603 CAMINO RAMON, SUITE 200  SAN RAMON 945830001345840Hughes Communications, Inc.Director 11717 EXPLORATION LANE  GERMANTOWN 208760001527469Athene Holding LtdDirector 96 PITTS BAY ROAD  PEMBROKE HM08




Lawrence  Ruisi on the Web
Persons related to Lawrence  Ruisi - Steel Excel Inc.NamePositionCityKENNETH  AROLAVP/Corporate Controller SANTA CLARAANTHONY  BERGAMOBROOKLYNBNS HOLDING, INC.RIVERSIDEJON  CASTORDirector ALVISOTed  ChenMILPITASCARL J  CONTIDirector VICTORIA  COTTENDirector Mary  DotzChief Financial Officer MOUNTAIN VIEWLUCIE J  FJELDSTADDirector CAMBRIDGEManoj  GoyalVP, Global Product Development MILPITASAnil  GuptaVP, GM MILPITASAHMET  HOUSSEINVice President MILPITASJACK L  HOWARDPrincipal Exec Officer NEW YORKJACK L  HOWARDPrincipal Exec Officer WHITE PLAINSRAM  JAYAMVP MILPITASRussell  JohnsonVP, World Wide Sales SUNNYVALEEric  KellyVP/GM SAN DIEGOJOSEPH S  KENNEDYDirector ILENE H  LANGDirector CAMBRIDGEHOWARD M  LEITNERNEW YORKWARREN G  LICHTENSTEINPresident of Subsidiary NEW YORKWARREN G  LICHTENSTEINPresident of Subsidiary WHITE PLAINSKOK YONG  LIMVice President ROBERT J  LOARIEDirector MILPITASMarcus D  LoweVP, MKT & BUSINESS DEV. MILPITASJames F  McCabe JRCFO RYEJames F  McCabe JRCFO NEW YORKLEONARD J  MCGILLVP, General Counsel & Secy RIVERSIDELEONARD J  MCGILLVP, General Counsel & Secy WHITE PLAINSD SCOTT  MERCERDirector LAKE FORESTMARSHALL  MOHRChief Financial Officer SUNNYVALEJOHN  MUTCHDirector SAN DIEGOJOHN  MUTCHDirector WHITE PLAINSJohn  NoellertVP, World Wide Sales MILPITASJUDITH M  OBRIENDirector MOUTAIN VIEWCHRISTOPHER G  OMEARAVP Corp, Fin/CFO PALO ALTOJOHN J  QUICKEDirector NEW YORKJOHN J  QUICKEDirector WHITE PLAINSCHARLES J  ROBELDirector Lawrence  RuisiDirector ARMONKSPH Group Holdings LLC10% Owner NEW YORKSPH Group LLCNEW YORKSteel Partners Holdings GP Inc.NEW YORKSTEEL PARTNERS II LP10% Owner NEW YORKSteel Partners II Master Fund L.P.BOX 2681 GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1111STEEL PARTNERS LLCNEW YORKSTEEL PARTNERS LLCNEW YORKSteel Partners LLCNEW YORKROBERT N  STEPHENSPresident and CEO Subramanian  SundareshPresident & CEO MILPITASStephen  TerlizziVP & GM or SSG MILPITASGARY W  ULLMANDirector NEW YORKGARY W  ULLMANDirector WHITE PLAINSROBERT J  VALENTINEDirector WHITE PLAINSHOUWELING DOUGLAS E  VANDirector ANN ARBORWEBFINANCIAL L.P.NEW YORKJohn M  WestfieldVP, Corp. Controller MILPITASDouglas  WoodworthNEW YORKMark A  ZorkoChief Financial Officer HAWTHORN WOODSPersons related to Lawrence  Ruisi - Hughes Communications, Inc.NamePositionCityANDREW  AFRICKNEW YORKANDREW  AFRICKDirector NEW YORKANDREW  AFRICKDirector GERMANTOWNAIF IV/RRRR LLCPURCHASEAP RM ACQUISITION LLCPURCHASEAP RM ACQUISITION LLCPURCHASEAPOLLO ADVISORS IV LPPURCHASEAPOLLO ADVISORS IV LPPURCHASEAPOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV LPPURCHASEAPOLLO INVESTMENT FUND IV LPPURCHASEAPOLLO MANAGEMENT IV LP10% Owner PURCHASEAPOLLO MANAGEMENT IV LP10% Owner PURCHASEApollo Management, L.P.PURCHASEAPOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV LPPURCHASEAPOLLO OVERSEAS PARTNERS IV LPPURCHASEApollo Principal Holdings I GP, LLCPURCHASEApollo Principal Holdings I, L.P.PURCHASEGRANT  BARBERExecutive VP and CFO GERMANTOWNGRANT  BARBERCFO & Executive VP GERMANTOWNGRANT  BARBERCFO & Executive Vice President GERMANTOWNSTEPHEN H /NC/  CLARKDirector GERMANTOWNSTEPHEN H /NC/  CLARKDirector PHILIP  FALCONENEW YORKO GENE  GABBARDDirector CARYO GENE  GABBARDDirector GERMANTOWNO GENE  GABBARDDirector GERMANTOWNPaul  GaskeExecutive Vice President GERMANTOWNPaul  GaskeExecutive Vice President GERMANTOWNHARBERT MANAGEMENT CORPBIRMINGHAMHARBERT MANAGEMENT CORPRAYMOND J  HARBERTBIRMINGHAMHARBINGER CAPITAL PARTNERS MASTER FUND I, LTD.10% Owner DUBLIN IRELANDHARBINGER CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE MANAGER, L.L.C.BIRMINGHAMHMC INVESTORS LLCBIRMINGHAMPRADMAN P  KAULCEO & President GERMANTOWNPRADMAN P  KAULCEO & President GERMANTOWNPRADMAN P  KAULCEO & President GERMANTOWNJEFFREY A  LEDDYDirector NEW YORKJEFFREY A  LEDDYDirector ATLANTAJEFFREY A  LEDDYDirector GERMANTOWNJEFFREY A  LEDDYDirector GERMANTOWNMICHAEL D  LUCEBIRMINGHAMDean  MansonSVP, Gen. Counsel & Secretary GERMANTOWNDean  MansonSVP, Gen. Counsel & Secretary GERMANTOWNThomas  McElroyChief Accounting Officer GERMANTOWNThomas  McElroyChief Accounting Officer GERMANTOWNAdrian  MorrisExecutive Vice President GERMANTOWNAdrian  MorrisExecutive Vice President GERMANTOWNBahram  PourmandExecutive Vice President GERMANTOWNBahram  PourmandExecutive Vice President GERMANTOWNLawrence  RuisiDirector ARMONKLawrence  RuisiDirector GERMANTOWNLawrence  RuisiDirector GERMANTOWNLawrence  RuisiDirector GERMANTOWNST/RRRR LLCPURCHASEAaron J  StoneDirector NEW YORKAaron J  StoneDirector GERMANTOWNMICHAEL D  WEINERDirector GERMANTOWNMICHAEL D  WEINERDirector GERMANTOWNMICHAEL D  WEINERDirector NEW YORKPersons related to Lawrence  Ruisi - Athene Holding LtdNamePositionCityGhubash  AhmedPembrokeApollo Alternative Assets, L.P.PURCHASEApollo Capital Management GP, LLCNEW YORKApollo Capital Management, L.P.NEW YORKApollo International Management GP, LLCPURCHASEApollo International Management, L.P.PURCHASEApollo Life Asset Ltd.GEORGE TOWNApollo Management Holdings GP, LLC10% Owner NEW YORKApollo Management Holdings, L.P.NEW YORKApollo Principal Holdings III GP LtdGEORGE TOWNApollo Principal Holdings III, L.P.GEORGE TOWNMARC A  BEILINSONDirector DALLASJames Richard  BerlardiChairman, CEO and CIO PEMBROKERobert L  BordenDirector NEW YORKJohnson  DavidPembrokeWilliam James  Eckert IVSVP, Controller PEMBROKELohr  GernotPembrokeFrank Lauren  GillisSee Remarks PEMBROKEKvalheim  GrantPembrokeTaitz  HopePembrokeSiddiqui  ImranPembrokeBelardi  JamesPembroked'Algue  JeromePembrokeMartin P  KleinExecutive VP and CFO RICHMONDGrant  KvalheimSee Remarks PEMBROKERuisi  LawrencePembrokeBrian  LeachDirector NEW YORKGernot  LohrNEW YORKPuffer  ManfredPembrokeBeilinson  MarcPembrokeRowan  MarcPembrokeCutis  MarkPembrokeMichelini  MatthewPembrokeH CARL  MCCALLDirector WILSONMatthew  MicheliniNEW YORKTEACHERS PENSION PLAN BOARD  ONTARIO10% Owner TORONTOManfred  PufferDirector NEW YORKJohn M  RhodesSee Remarks NORTHBROOKBorden  RobertPembrokeMARC J  ROWANNEW YORKLawrence  RuisiDirector ARMONKImran  SiddiquiNEW YORKHope S  TaitzDirector NEW YORKWILLIAM J  WHEELERPresident NEW YORKARTHUR  WRUBELDirector NEW YORK
Potentially same personNameCityCountryRuisi  LawrencePembrokeBermuda












 






