


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE















Scott, Gregory W. - The Wall Street Transcript














































 





































Gregory W. Scott
GREGORY W. SCOTT joined PacifiCare Health Systems, Inc., as
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January
2001. As CFO, Mr. Scott oversees corporate finance, tax,
accounting, treasury, actuarial, investor relations and
procurement functions. Prior to joining PacifiCare, he was Chief
Operating Officer and CFO of New York-based Medsite Inc., an
Internet provider of products and services for physicians. While
at Medsite, he recruited and led a senior management team that
built Medsite.com from a $5 million company to more than $40
million in revenues while improving gross margins to more than
16%. He also led two significant acquisitions that broadened the
company’s product offerings and distribution capabilities. Mr.
Scott has held various senior level positions in health care,
including Senior Vice President and CFO of Prudential Insurance
Company of America’s HealthCare Group; Executive Vice President,
CFO and Director of Prudential Securities Inc.; President, North
Central Group, of the company’s healthcare and employee benefit
operations; Vice President and Treasurer of Prudential Insurance
Co; and Senior Vice President of Prudential Capital Corp. Mr.
Scott received his Bachelor’s degree in Mathematical Economics
from Colgate University and a Master’s degree from the University
of Michigan. He is a member of the Financial Executive Institute
and the CFO Advisory Council and is a Chartered Life Underwriter.
Related Interviews:Gregory Scott - Pacificare Health Systems Inc (phsy)May 26, 2003Gregory Scott - Pacificare Health Systems Inc (phsy)November 01, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 


Scott Gregory | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Scott GregoryDirector R&D at Karnak CorpLocationGreater New York City AreaIndustryChemicalsCurrentKarnak CorpPreviousRohm and Haas, IFS Industries Inc, Elementis Specialties16 connectionsView Scott’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Scott’s Full ProfileSummaryResponsible for the design and development of new products and technology for a wide variety of industries and application, with extensive background in formulating coatings, paints, adhesives, and sealants. My experience is in both R&D and technical service management, providing support for customers and sales staff, trade shows, and seminars.Specialties: Developed water, solvent based, and UV light curing coatings adhesives and sealants.Developed reactive urethane hot melts (PUR), and liquid moisture curing urethane-laminating adhesives for new applications.Developed 2K urethane, and epoxy adhesives, potting and encapsulating formulations.ExperienceDirector R&DKarnak CorpSeptember 2009  –  Present (7 years 11 months)Senior ScientistRohm and Haas2005  –  December 2009 (4 years)Identified and scouted novel technology for new and existing processes and market applications.Technical Service Manager - UrethanesIFS Industries Inc2003  –  2005 (2 years)Managed customer technical service and developed new products.   Provided technical support to the sales and manufacturing departments as well as current and new customers. Conducted demonstrations and product trials at current and new customers throughout the United States to generate new business opportunities for both new and current company product lines.R&D Manager - RadcureElementis Specialties1992  –  2003 (11 years)Managed the R&D staff, which was responsible for the design and development of new products and technology. Provided technical assistance to sales and manufacturing departments as well as current and new customers. Set the process control, production procedures, quality specifications and test methods, calibration systems, raw material and finished product technical data and specification for all new products developed. Conducted customer production trials throughout the NAFTA region to gain customer approvals for new products, and to help scale up new technologies for commercial production to gain new business.Technical Service ChemistCraig Adhesives1989  –  1992 (3 years)GroupsPaints & CoatingsView Scott’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Scott directlyView Scott’s Full ProfileNot the Scott you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedDarcy V.Laboratory Technician 3 at TDK Hutchinson Technology Inc.Sreekanth GuptaResearch Assistant at CSURandall ZieglerBuilding Materials ProfessionalMichael SteckerTesting Engineer at PSEGSarah DeFloraMBA Candidate - UW - Madison I Engineering Specialist at KerryCyrus DilakJingfang JuJun WangProcess Chemist at Boehringer Ingelheim PharmaceuticalsSarah VodovozProcess Engineer at Kerry IngredientsPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Scott GregoryFirst NameLast NameExample:  Scott GregoryScott GregoryRegional Vice President - Southwest 
                   I am hiring an AE in Texas. Message me if interested.United StatesScott GregoryownerUnited StatesScott GregoryDirector, Security Risk and Compliance at AmazonUnited StatesScott GregoryArea President at Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.United StatesScott GregoryUnited StatesMore professionals named Scott GregoryLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















 


Scott Gregory | Professional Profile
 





























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Scott GregorySr. Director Pharmacy MarketingLocationSturbridge, MassachusettsIndustryRetailCurrentCVS Health, CVS Caremark CorporationPreviousCVS Caremark Corporation, Marketing Drive, Reaction AdvertisingEducationRoger Williams UniversityWebsitesCompany WebsiteCompany WebsiteCompany Website474 connectionsView Scott’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Scott’s Full ProfileSummaryCVS Caremark is an innovative, fast-growing company guided by values that focus on teamwork, integrity and respect for our colleagues and customers. We are seeking best-in-class talent with fresh ideas, new perspectives and a desire to make a real difference in one's career. Over 14 years of retail, marketing and eCommerce experience with a proven track record of driving sales and margin growth. Innovative thinker focused on driving consumer-centric digital strategies to deliver differentiation. Proficient at working cross-functionally within large organizations to secure alignment and speed to market. Resourceful self-starter able to effectively influence and motivate others.CVS CAREMARK HIGHLIGHTS:- Ranked 13th on Fortune 500 - Three business units: MinuteClinic, pharmacy benefit management (PBM) and retail pharmacy- No. 1 provider of prescriptions – more than 1 billion prescriptions filled or managed annually- 75 percent of the U.S. population lives within three miles of a CVS/pharmacy- No. 1 Retail Loyalty Program – more than 70 million active ExtraCare customers- No. 1 Specialty Pharmacy - No. 1 Retail-Based Medical Center OperatorExperienceSr. Director Pharmacy MarketingCVS HealthMarch 2016  –  Present (1 year 5 months)Director, CVS Health MarketingCVS Caremark CorporationApril 2014  –  Present (3 years 4 months)Senior Marketing Manager - Healthcare ReformCVS Caremark CorporationFebruary 2013  –  March 2014 (1 year 2 months)Senior Marketing Manager - PhotoCVS Caremark CorporationFebruary 2009  –  January 2013 (4 years)Marketing Manager - Store Brands, HealthcareCVS Caremark CorporationMarch 2008  –  February 2009 (1 year)Woonsocket, Rhode IslandSenior Account ExecutiveMarketing DriveJanuary 2005  –  February 2009 (4 years 2 months)Boston, MassachusettsAccount ExecutiveReaction AdvertisingJanuary 2004  –  December 2004 (1 year)Account ExecutiveDavis AdvertisingMay 2000  –  December 2003 (3 years 8 months)SkillsProduct LaunchMarketing StrategyMarketing CommunicationsIntegrated MarketingCross-functional Team LeadershipMarketing ManagementProduct MarketingCustomer InsightMarket ResearchDigital MarketingMarketing ResearchMarketingLead GenerationE-commerceDirect MarketingSee 11+CRMProduct DevelopmentB2BEmail MarketingConsumer ProductsAccount ManagementOnline MarketingRetailBrand ManagementMulti-channel MarketingSegmentationSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationRoger Williams UniversityMarketingMarketingGroupsCOVERED CALIFORNIAACA (Affordable Care Act) Networking CommunityView Scott’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Scott directlyView Scott’s Full ProfileNot the Scott you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedErin CondonSenior Director Marketing, Omni-channel, at CVS HealthKelley O'BrionDirector of Pharmacy Marketing, CVS Health Simon SalgadoSr. Director, Product Innovation and Management at CVS HealthDavid GrazianoSenior Marketing Manager at CVS HealthTammy LewisChief Marketing Officer, CVS CaremarkHelena FoulkesExecutive Vice President, CVS Caremark Corporation and President, CVS/pharmacyKarly SormantiDirector, Marketing Planning at CVS HealthJim HallockDirector, ExtraCare Customer Conversion Marketing at CVS HealthPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Scott GregoryFirst NameLast NameExample:  Scott GregoryScott GregoryRegional Vice President - Southwest 
                   I am hiring an AE in Texas. Message me if interested.United StatesScott GregoryownerUnited StatesScott GregoryDirector, Security Risk and Compliance at AmazonUnited StatesScott GregoryArea President at Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.United StatesScott GregoryUnited StatesMore professionals named Scott GregoryJobs similar to Scott’sCVS Health jobsLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country






















SCOTT GREGORY CPA - KANSAS CITY, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



KANSAS CITY



Accounting, Auditing, and Bookkeeping



Certified Public Accountant



                            SCOTT GREGORY CPA
                                    



 





















S 


SCOTT GREGORY CPA
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



222 W GREGORY BLVD # 234 KANSAS CITY, MO 64114
Get Directions



(816) 363-0011





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Certified Public Accountant
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Scott Gregory Cpa has been providing Certified Public Accountant from Kansas City. Scott Gregory Cpa has estimated annual revenues of $100,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















  Scott Gregory
 - YouTube 


 
  















































































 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch
 



 
      Scott Gregory
    
 Videos
 Playlists
 Channels
 Discussion
 About
 

 












            Home
          










            Trending
          










            History
          










            Get YouTube Red
          










            Get YouTube TV
          











      Best of YouTube
    




 










            Music
          







 










            Sports
          







 










            Gaming
          







 










            Movies
          







 










            TV Shows
          







 










            News
          







 










            Live
          







 










            Spotlight
          







 










            360° Video
          

















            Browse channels
          










      Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
    

Sign in
























































 





Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    





































          QuickBooks Enterprise 2017
        














Scott Gregory




SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe291 












Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    




















Home


Videos


Playlists


Channels


Discussion


About

























The Secret Button in QuickBooks to Improve Your Profit and Loss Report



          9,404 views
        

            7 years ago
          



          Need  to run a profit and loss by department? By location?The class feature in QuickBooks can help you do just that. But you have to know how to turn the feature on and use it correctly. This video from Scott Gregory, QuickBooks Expert will help you do just that.For help with your QuickBooks, contact Scott today: http://www.betterbottomline......Like this video? See my QuickBooks video training library here:http://www.betterbottomline......
          
Show less
          


Read more
        
















Uploads


Play all








 







 2:50

Play nextPlay now






Negative Inventory and Assembly Shortage Reports in QuickBooks - Duration: 2 minutes, 50 seconds.

69 views4 months ago 









 







 5:34

Play nextPlay now






The Cash Flow Projection Tool Found in QuickBooks - Duration: 5 minutes, 34 seconds.

337 views5 months ago 









 







 3:17

Play nextPlay now






Stop Inventory Balances from Going Negative with QuickBooks Enterprise - Duration: 3 minutes, 17 seconds.

203 views5 months ago 









 







 6:25

Play nextPlay now






What's New in QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise 2017 - Part 2 - Duration: 6 minutes, 25 seconds.

450 views7 months ago 









 







 5:31

Play nextPlay now






What's New in QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise 2017 - Part 1 - Duration: 5 minutes, 31 seconds.

679 views8 months ago 









 







 3:35

Play nextPlay now






Automatically Create Purchase Orders in QuickBooks Enterprise - Duration: 3 minutes, 35 seconds.

435 views8 months ago 









 







 4:00

Play nextPlay now






Tracking Open and Unfilled Customer Orders in QuickBooks - Duration: 4 minutes.

409 views1 year ago 









 







 2:53

Play nextPlay now






Build Assemblies in QuickBooks: Premier vs. Enterprise - Duration: 2 minutes, 53 seconds.

1,233 views1 year ago 









 







 3:41

Play nextPlay now






Tracking Profit and Loss by Location, Division, etc. in QuickBooks - Duration: 3 minutes, 41 seconds.

733 views2 years ago 









 







 5:10

Play nextPlay now






Using Custom Fields in QuickBooks - Duration: 5 minutes, 10 seconds.

1,540 views2 years ago 









 







 6:36

Play nextPlay now






Advanced Inventory for QuickBooks: How Does it Work? - Duration: 6 minutes, 36 seconds.

9,774 views2 years ago 









 







 3:53

Play nextPlay now






The Hidden Secrets of the F2 Key in QuickBooks - Duration: 3 minutes, 53 seconds.

1,318 views2 years ago 








View all





 

 









This item has been hidden










QuickBooks Enterprise Videos


Play all


        Learn about helpful features and functionality within the Enterprise version of QuickBooksNeed to upgrade to QuickBooks Enterprise? Save big by visiting my web site at:http://www.betterbottomline.com/quickbooks-enterprise-2014/Additional questions? Contact me:http://www.betterbottomline.com/contact/ or call (888) 581-2839 ext. 2
    







 







 1:46

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks Enterprise 2014: New Feature - The New "Max" Field for Inventory - Duration: 106 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,511 views3 years ago 









 







 2:03

Play nextPlay now






New Feature in QuickBooks Enterprise 2014: "Where Used" in Assemblies - Duration: 2 minutes, 3 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,294 views3 years ago 









 







 3:55

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks 2014: Using the Search Box - Duration: 3 minutes, 55 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,358 views3 years ago 









 







 4:23

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks: How to Stop Posting Entries Into Closed Periods - Duration: 4 minutes, 23 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,804 views3 years ago 









 







 2:15

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks Enterprise 2013 - New Feature: Setting Default Classes - Duration: 2 minutes, 15 seconds.
Scott Gregory

2,939 views4 years ago 









 







 3:18

Play nextPlay now






Combining Multiple QuickBooks Company Files for Reporting - Duration: 3 minutes, 18 seconds.
Scott Gregory

7,871 views4 years ago 









 







 2:39

Play nextPlay now






User Permissions and Roles in QuickBooks Enterprise: How to Display and Print - Duration: 2 minutes, 39 seconds.
Scott Gregory

2,459 views4 years ago 









 







 4:42

Play nextPlay now






The Secret Button in QuickBooks to Improve Your Profit and Loss Report - Duration: 4 minutes, 42 seconds.
Scott Gregory

9,404 views7 years ago 









 







 2:12

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks Enterprise 2012: Find and Select Items - New Feature - Duration: 2 minutes, 12 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,265 views5 years ago 









 







 10:12

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks Enterprise 2015: New Features and Functionality - Duration: 10 minutes.
Scott Gregory

6,050 views2 years ago 









 







 6:36

Play nextPlay now






Advanced Inventory for QuickBooks: How Does it Work? - Duration: 6 minutes, 36 seconds.
Scott Gregory

9,774 views2 years ago 









 







 5:10

Play nextPlay now






Using Custom Fields in QuickBooks - Duration: 5 minutes, 10 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,540 views2 years ago 








View 7 more





 

 









This item has been hidden










Timesavers and Shortcuts for QuickBooks


Play all


        Save time while working in QuickBooks each day with these tips and tricks.Need a personalized consultation on your QuickBooks? I can help:http://www.betterbottomline.com/about/








 







 4:42

Play nextPlay now






The Secret Button in QuickBooks to Improve Your Profit and Loss Report - Duration: 4 minutes, 42 seconds.
Scott Gregory

9,404 views7 years ago 









 







 3:27

Play nextPlay now






Online Bill Payment for QuickBooks - Duration: 3 minutes, 27 seconds.
Scott Gregory

2,795 views4 years ago 









 







 2:37

Play nextPlay now






Verifying Your QuickBooks Data: A Critical Task for Your To Do List - Duration: 2 minutes, 37 seconds.
Scott Gregory

506 views4 years ago 









 







 3:55

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks 2014: Using the Search Box - Duration: 3 minutes, 55 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,358 views3 years ago 









 







 4:23

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks: How to Stop Posting Entries Into Closed Periods - Duration: 4 minutes, 23 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,804 views3 years ago 









 







 3:57

Play nextPlay now






Track Critical Data About Your Customers and Income in QuickBooks - Duration: 3 minutes, 57 seconds.
Scott Gregory

401 views2 years ago 









 







 3:53

Play nextPlay now






The Hidden Secrets of the F2 Key in QuickBooks - Duration: 3 minutes, 53 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,318 views2 years ago 









 







 2:57

Play nextPlay now






How to Keep Notes in QuickBooks - Duration: 2 minutes, 57 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,311 views2 years ago 









 







 1:55

Play nextPlay now






Putting the Icon Bar Back Across the Top in QuickBooks - Duration: 115 seconds.
Scott Gregory

603 views3 years ago 









 







 5:10

Play nextPlay now






Using Custom Fields in QuickBooks - Duration: 5 minutes, 10 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,540 views2 years ago 









 







 3:35

Play nextPlay now






Automatically Create Purchase Orders in QuickBooks Enterprise - Duration: 3 minutes, 35 seconds.
Scott Gregory

435 views8 months ago 








View 2 more





 

 









This item has been hidden










Inventory Management in QuickBooks


Play all


        These videos will help you unlock functionality within QuickBooks you may not know about.Need help with inventory in your QuickBooks? Visit my site:http://www.betterbottomline.com/quickbooks-for-manufactur...








 







 3:08

Play nextPlay now






Open Sales Orders by Due Date Report in QuickBooks - Duration: 3 minutes, 8 seconds.
Scott Gregory

3,583 views5 years ago 









 







 5:53

Play nextPlay now






Using Price Lists In QuickBooks - Duration: 5 minutes, 53 seconds.
Scott Gregory

6,836 views7 years ago 









 







 1:46

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks Enterprise 2014: New Feature - The New "Max" Field for Inventory - Duration: 106 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,511 views3 years ago 









 







 4:07

Play nextPlay now






QuickBooks Enterprise 2014: See the Margin for Each Inventory Item - Duration: 4 minutes, 7 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,682 views3 years ago 









 







 6:36

Play nextPlay now






Advanced Inventory for QuickBooks: How Does it Work? - Duration: 6 minutes, 36 seconds.
Scott Gregory

9,774 views2 years ago 









 







 2:53

Play nextPlay now






Build Assemblies in QuickBooks: Premier vs. Enterprise - Duration: 2 minutes, 53 seconds.
Scott Gregory

1,233 views1 year ago 









 







 3:35

Play nextPlay now






Automatically Create Purchase Orders in QuickBooks Enterprise - Duration: 3 minutes, 35 seconds.
Scott Gregory

435 views8 months ago 









 







 3:17

Play nextPlay now






Stop Inventory Balances from Going Negative with QuickBooks Enterprise - Duration: 3 minutes, 17 seconds.
Scott Gregory

203 views5 months ago 









 







 2:50

Play nextPlay now






Negative Inventory and Assembly Shortage Reports in QuickBooks - Duration: 2 minutes, 50 seconds.
Scott Gregory

69 views4 months ago 







 

 









This item has been hidden








        Popular channels
    




 










Jake Paul - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Logan Paul Vlogs - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Lance Stewart - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Ryan ToysReview - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Guava Juice - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 








 










Erika Costell - Channel

SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 











  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 









Scott Gregory - Wikipedia




















 






Scott Gregory

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the golfer, see Scott Gregory (golfer).
Scott Chase Gregory (born July 31, 1959 in Auburn, New York)[1] is an American former competitive ice dancer. He competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics with Elisa Spitz. He then paired with Suzanne Semanick, with whom he won the gold medal at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships twice and competed at the Olympics in 1988. He retired from skating that year due to back injuries.
Gregory is married to former figure skater Pam Gregory, who now coaches Kimmie Meissner.[1] Scott Gregory was born and raised in Skaneateles, New York.[citation needed]
Results[edit]
(with Elisa Spitz)


Event
1979–80
1980–81
1981–82
1982–83
1983–84


Winter Olympic Games




10th


World Championships


8th
7th
10th


U.S. Championships
6th
4th
3rd
2nd
3rd


Skate America


4th
1st
1st


Skate Canada International

4th

1st



NHK Trophy


4th




(with Suzanne Semanick)


Event
1984–85
1985–86
1986–87
1987–88


Winter Olympic Games



6th


World Championships
12th
5th
5th



U.S. Championships
3rd
2nd
1st
1st


Skate America


2nd



Skate Canada International


2nd



NHK Trophy


2nd



References[edit]



^ a b "Scott Gregory". Olympics at Sports-Reference.com. Sports Reference LLC. 



Navigation[edit]






v
t
e


United States national champions in figure skating – Ice dancing






1936: Marjorie Parker Smith / Joseph Savage
1937–1938: Nettie Prantell / Harold Hartshorne
1939–1941: Sandy MacDonald / Harold Hartshorne
1942: Edith Whetstone / A.L. Richards
1943–1944: Marcella May / James Lochead
1945: Kathe Mehl Williams / Robert Swenning
1946: Anne Davies / Carleton Hoffner
1947–1949: Lois Waring / Walter Bainbridge
1950: Lois Waring / Michael McGean
1951: Carmel Bodel / Edward Bodel
1952: Lois Waring / Michael McGean
1953: Carol Ann Peters / Daniel Ryan
1954–1955: Carmel Bodel / Edward Bodel
1956: Joan Zamboni / Roland Junso
1957: Sharon McKenzie / Bert Wright
1958–1959: Andree Anderson / Donald Jacoby
1960: Margie Ackles / Charles Phillips
1961: Diane Sherbloom / Larry Pierce
1962: Yvonne Littlefield / Peter Betts
1963: Sally Schantz / Stanley Urban
1964: Darleen Streich / Charles Fetter
1965–1966: Kristin Fortune / Dennis Sveum
1967: Lorna Dyer / John Carrell
1968–1972: Judy Schwomeyer / Jim Sladky
1973: Mary Campbell / Johnny Johns
1974–1976: Colleen O'Connor / James Millns
1977: Judi Genovesi / Kent Weigle
1978–1980: Stacey Smith / John Summers
1981–1985: Judy Blumberg / Michael Seibert
1986: Renée Roca / Donald Adair
1987–1988: Suzanne Semanick / Scott Gregory
1989–1990: Susan Wynne / Joseph Druar
1991: Elizabeth Punsalan / Jerod Swallow
1992: April Sargent / Russ Witherby
1993: Renée Roca / Gorsha Sur
1994: Elizabeth Punsalan / Jerod Swallow
1995: Renée Roca / Gorsha Sur
1996–1998: Elizabeth Punsalan / Jerod Swallow
1999–2003: Naomi Lang / Peter Tchernyshev
2004–2008: Tanith Belbin White / Benjamin Agosto
2009–2014: Meryl Davis / Charlie White
2015: Madison Chock / Evan Bates
2016–2017: Maia Shibutani / Alex Shibutani










This article about a United States figure skater is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Scott_Gregory&oldid=726149917"					
Categories: American male ice dancersOlympic figure skaters of the United StatesFigure skaters at the 1984 Winter OlympicsFigure skaters at the 1988 Winter Olympics1959 birthsLiving peopleAmerican figure skating biography stubsHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2015All stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 June 2016, at 10:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








		
	Instructor Biography

































































































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.

Turn on more accessible modeTurn off more accessible modeSkip Ribbon CommandsSkip to main contentTurn off AnimationsTurn on Animations

































Select your country: 

















Welcome, you are not logged in.

Log In

Communities



Board and Committee Communities
CEBS Online Study
Foundation Community





My Account



New User
My CEBS
My Downloads
My E-Learning
My Online Exams
My Profile




Contact Us

Email Signup




















































It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.









Home
Membership



Featured Member Benefit







	                                            Foundation members receive free access to all upcoming webcasts. Learn More.







About Membership
Member Benefits
Membership FAQ
Update Profile


Join/Renew
Join Now
Pay Dues
Refer a Friend




Members Only
Today's Headlines
ACA University
Ask an Information Specialist
InfoQuick
U.S. Legislative Tracker
Canadian Legislative Scorecard
Surveys & Research
Trustee Resource Center
Magazines
On-Demand Presentations




Education



Featured Education







	                                         Join 5,000 of your peers at the Annual Employee Benefits Conference and participate in an educational event you cannot afford to miss. Register Now.







Educational Programs
Schedule
U.S. Annual
Canadian Annual
ISCEBS Symposium
Certificate Programs
Wharton School Programs
On-Site Education


Online Learning
ACA University
E-Learning (U.S.)
E-Learning (Canada)
Webcasts
On-Demand Presentations
Benefit Bits




Related Links
My Educational Records
My Downloads
My E-Learning
CE & Other Credit (U.S.)
CE & Other Credit (Canada)
Exhibiting, Sponsorship and Advertising Opportunities
Meeting & Event Management




CEBS



Featured CEBS Benefit


 



The New CEBS
	                                           The new Certified Employee Benefit Specialist program has arrived. How does the new CEBS help you? Learn More.







U.S. CEBS

Current Student
How to Get Your CEBS
Course Descriptions
Exams
Study Materials
Instructor-Led Online Classes
Fee Structure
Continuing Professional Education (CEBS CPE)
Continuing Education
CEBS Conferment
News and Updates
CEBS Course Catalog
NewsScope Newsletter [PDF]






















Resources



Featured Resource








	                                      Find resources to help you improve your employee benefits communication. Learn more.







Informational Resources
ACA University
Personalized Research Service
InfoQuick
Foundation Publications Search
Sample Documents
Foundation Research
U.S. Legislative Tracker
Canadian Legislative Scorecard
Trustee Resource Center
Apprenticeship Resources
On-Demand Presentations




Service Resources
Jobs in Benefits
Magazines
Benefit Bits
Service Provider Showcase
Meeting & Event Management
Exhibiting, Sponsorship and Advertising Opportunities


Networking Resources
Foundation Community
Educational Programs
Social Media
Word on Benefits Blog



News



Featured News



 




	                                        This new resource will help you sort through the changes in Washington that are impacting employee benefits. Learn More.







Hot Topics
Benefits Transition Tracker
ACA Central
Wellness Done Right
Financial Education/Retirement Security
Benefits Communication
Multiemployer Pension Reform Act
Payroll Audits
FASB Multiemployer Standards
GASB Pension Standards




Today's Headlines
Regulatory Updates
Word on Benefits Blog
Talking Benefits Podcast
Health Care
Pension & Retirement
Other Benefits and HR Issues
Canada
International


Press Room
Press Releases
Sign Up for Press Releases
Contact Media Relations
National Employee Benefits Day




Store



Featured Product








	                                            Convenient online training on HSA and HRA plans. Enroll Today.







Search the Store
Search All
Browse by Topic




My Account
My E-Learning
My Downloads
My Educational Records
My Transactions
My Cart







About Us
Join Now
Jobs in Benefits
Cart







Home
Membership



Featured Member Benefit







	                                          Foundation members receive free access to all upcoming webcasts. Learn More.







About Membership
Member Benefits
Membership FAQ
Update Profile


Join/Renew
Join Now
Pay Dues
Refer a Friend




Members Only
Today's Headlines
Canadian Legislative Scorecard
Ask an Information Specialist
InfoQuick
Surveys & Research
Plans & Trusts Magazine




Education



Featured Education


50th Annual Employee Benefits ConferenceAugust 20-23, 2017Montréal, Quebec




	                                           Learn solutions to make the most informed decisions on behalf of your plan members and their families. Register Now.







Educational Programs
Schedule
Annual Conference
ISCEBS Symposium
Certificate Programs
Wharton School Programs


Online Learning
E-Learning
Webcasts
On-Demand Presentations
Benefit Bits




Related Links
My Educational Records
My Downloads
My E-Learning
CE & Other Credit
Sponsorship Opportunities
Meeting & Event Management




CEBS



Featured CEBS Benefit



 



The New CEBS
	                                           The new Certified Employee Benefit Specialist program has arrived. How does the new CEBS help you? Learn More.







Canadian CEBS

Current Student
How to Get Your CEBS
Course Descriptions
Exams
Study Materials
Instructor-Led Online Classes
Fee Structure




 
Continuing Professional Education (CEBS CPE)
Continuing Education
CEBS Conferment
News and Updates
CEBS Course Catalog
Advantage Newsletter [PDF] 



Resources



Featured Resource








	                                         Connect, share and learn with other members in a private, easy-to-use community forum. Learn more.







Informational Resources
Personalized Research Service
InfoQuick
Foundation Publications Search
Sample Documents
Foundation Research
Canadian Legislative Scorecard
Apprenticeship Resources




Service Resources
Jobs in Benefits
Plans & Trusts Magazine
Benefit Bits
Service Provider Showcase
Meeting & Event Management
Sponsorship Opportunities


Networking Resources
Foundation Community
Educational Programs
Social Media
Word on Benefits Blog




News



Featured News



 



Find resources to help you improve your employee benefits communication. Learn More.







Hot Topics
Financial Education/Retirement Security
Benefits Communication
Pension Reform
Wellness Done Right


Today's Headlines
Regulatory Updates
Word on Benefits Blog
Talking Benefits Podcast
Canada
International
Canadian Legislative Scorecard




Press Room
Press Releases
Sign Up for Press Releases
Contact Media Relations
National Employee Benefits Day




Store



Featured Product








	                                          A must-have resource for professionals involved with group benefits or pension and retirement plans in Canada. Enroll Now.







Search the Store
Search All
Browse by Topic




My Account
My E-Learning
My Downloads
My Educational Records
My Transactions
My Cart







About Us
Join Now
Jobs in Benefits
Cart
























Home>Education>Certificate Programs>Certificate Series>Instructors










						Instructor Biography


IFEBPInstructorPicture


								 R. Scott Gregory, FSA, EA

								 IFEBPInstructorInfoPresident
  
  R. Scott Gregory, Inc.
  
  Annapolis, Maryland 

IFEBPInstructorBio

    Mr. Gregory is president of R. Scott Gregory, Inc. (RSGI), an actuarial and consulting firm in Annapolis, Maryland. Prior to establishing RSGI, he was the senior actuary for the employee benefits services division of PriceWaterhouse and a principal with Mercer. Mr. Gregory has served a range of plan sponsors including multiemployer plans, corporations and government agencies. He has assisted with the design, creation, installation, costing, IRS qualification, administration and communication of retirement plans. Mr. Gregory has calculated withdrawal liability amounts and testified in arbitrations. He has valued postretirement welfare benefits and assisted sponsors with investment of plan assets. He is a fellow of the Society of Actuaries, a member of the American Academy of Actuaries and an enrolled actuary. Mr. Gregory is past president of the Middle Atlantic Actuarial Club. He has spoken at a number of forums, including International Foundation conferences and enrolled actuaries meetings, and has taught the actuarial section of the CEBS® program. Mr. Gregory has chaired the Actuaries and Consultants Committee of the International Foundation, and is currently an Advisory Director and a member of the Professionals Committee. 
    

    Mr. Gregory teaches day one of Retirement Plan Basics in the Certificate Series.
  

    Participant comments taken from Scott's Instructor Evaluations:  
    


    Outstanding. Highly effective and informative. 
  

    Scott did a great job discussing each of the different kinds of plans. 
  

    Valuable information, great presentation.
  
















Instructors > Instructor Biography





Earning CertificatesWho Should AttendScheduleInstructorsCurrently selectedFAQHost ClassesContact Us










































Products | Intuitive Tarot and Astrology expert in Glastonbury





























































Intuitive Tarot and Astrology expert in Glastonbury
Just another WordPress site
² Navigation







Home / Products 
Shop

	Showing all 5 results


Default sorting
Sort by popularity
Sort by newness
Sort by price: low to high
Sort by price: high to low




The Intuitive Tarot Expert Course (ITEC)
£17.00


Zodiac Sign Necklaces


Past Life Regression
£2.50


Meditation for Abundance
£2.50


Release Resentment
£2.50








YOUTUBE VIDEOS


About Gregory Scott 



Gregory Scott is an expert Tarot Reader, Numerologist and Astrologer who does personal, intuitive readings by email, video, Skype and telephone.Discover your spiritual soul purpose by allowing Gregory to provide you with intuitive guidance, which will assist you in making clear and informed decisions that will shape the future to your advantage. To learn more CLICK HERE

Disclaimer: UK law states that tarot, astrology, numerology and palm readings are for entertainment purposes only. All information given places you under no obligation to take action based on guidance given in a reading. Spiritual causes of ill health should not take the place of conventional medicine, please consult your General Practitioner.



Contact Gregory Scott 
Enlightenment, 38 High Street
Glastonbury, BA6 9DX
Skype:

gregoryscott444
Email: readings@gregoryscott.co.uk










 Copyright © 2017 Gregory Scott. All Rights Reserved. 





 

































Scott Gregory - Dedicated Mortgage Specialist - Bank of America

























































Scott Gregory

 
Skip to the main content




OverviewHomeOutlookRelationship BenefitsReal Estate Professionals






Dedicated Mortgage Specialist




















Scott Gregory
Scott Gregory - Wealth Management Lending Officer

0.0
/ 5
0
true
My lending reviewsFootnote:†† 
Write a review
Provided by 








Scott Gregory
https://mortgage.bankofamerica.com/scott-gregory Get information about Scott Gregory, a Bank of America Mortgage Loan Specialist in Wayzata, MN. Find contact information, expertise and more, to start your path to the right loan.
Wealth Management Lending Officer
Vice President
NMLS ID: 369230



308 Walker Ave SWayzata, MN 55391Get information about Scott Gregory, a Bank of America Mortgage Loan Specialist in Wayzata, MN. Find contact information, expertise and more, to start your path to the right loan.



Mobile 612.708.9927 


Fax 866.614.4858 


Direct 952.476.5637 



close Additional languages spoken layer
 
 


Additional languages spoken
 End of layer.


 






Get prequalified

B15M9
55391
Retail
612.708.9927
Start online
Schedule an appointment
Get a call back




 



Get the answers you need with our Home Loan Guide
Log in to manage your loan
 




















close Home Loan Navigator video
 


End of layer.


 








close Home Loan Navigator video
 


End of layer.


 





Holiday Video


close Holiday Video
 


Happy Holidays
End of layer.


 





Thank You Video


close Thank You Video
 


Thank You
End of layer.


 





Birthday Video


close Birthday Video
 


Happy Birthday
End of layer.


 




I'm Scott Gregory, and I'm a Wealth Management Lending Officer committed to helping my clients fully explore their home loan options and feel confident about their choices. In my  experience working with fixed- and adjustable-rate loans, high-net-worth borrowers, jumbo loans, self-employed borrowers and first time homebuyers, and more, I've been able to share my knowledge of the mortgage industry and especially the Minnesota market. My website offers resources and calculators to help clarify the homebuying process. I'm available to help you know where you stand every step of the way.

Show: More about me

Areas of expertiseFirst time homebuyersFixed- and adjustable-rate loansHigh-net-worth borrowersJumbo loansSelf-employed borrowersCommunityI contribute my time to the community by supporting:Homebuyer Assistance Classes



Hide: My local events





 MN

Mortgage Rates Calculators Resources Manage your application


Today's California mortgage rates

Select Purchase or Refinance  Purchase  Refinance
AKALARAZCACOCTDCDEFLGAHIIAIDILINKSKYLAMAMDMEMIMNMOMSMTNCNDNENHNJNMNVNYOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVAVTWAWIWVWY 



This table correlates Conforming products to rate, point, and APR% information.


Conforming

Rate layer

close  


Rate
The rate of interest on a loan, expressed as a percentage.
End of layer.

 




APR layer

close  


Annual percentage rate (APR)
The annual cost of a loan to a borrower. Like an interest rate, the APR is expressed as a percentage of the loan amount. Unlike an interest rate, however, it includes other charges or fees to reflect the total cost of the loan. The Federal Truth in Lending Act requires that every consumer loan agreement disclose the APR. Since all lenders must follow the same rules to ensure the accuracy of the APR, borrowers can use the APR as a good basis for comparing certain costs of loans.
End of layer.

 




Points layer

close  


Discount points
Typically, it's an amount usually paid at closing to the lender in conjunction with a mortgage loan in order to lower or "buy down" the interest rate. One discount point equals one percentage point of the loan amount. For example, two points on a $100,000 mortgage would cost $2,000. Negative points reflect the amount that will be credited to you and reduce the amount of closing costs you will pay. Also called mortgage points or points.
End of layer.

 



Monthly paymentFootnote *Conforming and Jumbo monthly payment includes principal and interest only. Any other fees such as tax and insurance are not included and will result in a higher actual monthly payment.



30-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



15-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



7/1 ARM layer (variable)
			
close  


Adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)
A mortgage or home equity loan in which your interest rate and monthly payments may change periodically during the life of the loan, based on the fluctuation of an index. Lenders may charge a lower interest rate for the initial period of the loan. Most ARMs have a rate cap that limits the amount the interest rate can change, both in an adjustment period, and over the life of the loan. Also called a variable-rate mortgage.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXXFootnote †5/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 5 years. 7/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 7 years. Select the Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) monthly payment for important information, including estimated payments and rate adjustments. (initial)



5/1 ARM layer (variable)
			
close  


Adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)
A mortgage or home equity loan in which your interest rate and monthly payments may change periodically during the life of the loan, based on the fluctuation of an index. Lenders may charge a lower interest rate for the initial period of the loan. Most ARMs have a rate cap that limits the amount the interest rate can change, both in an adjustment period, and over the life of the loan. Also called a variable-rate mortgage.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXXFootnote †5/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 5 years. 7/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 7 years. Select the Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) monthly payment for important information, including estimated payments and rate adjustments. (initial)




This table correlates Jumbo products to rate, point, and APR% information.


Jumbo

Rate layer

close  


Rate
The rate of interest on a loan, expressed as a percentage.
End of layer.

 




APR layer

close  


Annual percentage rate (APR)
The annual cost of a loan to a borrower. Like an interest rate, the APR is expressed as a percentage of the loan amount. Unlike an interest rate, however, it includes other charges or fees to reflect the total cost of the loan. The Federal Truth in Lending Act requires that every consumer loan agreement disclose the APR. Since all lenders must follow the same rules to ensure the accuracy of the APR, borrowers can use the APR as a good basis for comparing certain costs of loans.
End of layer.

 




Points layer

close  


Discount points
Typically, it's an amount usually paid at closing to the lender in conjunction with a mortgage loan in order to lower or "buy down" the interest rate. One discount point equals one percentage point of the loan amount. For example, two points on a $100,000 mortgage would cost $2,000. Negative points reflect the amount that will be credited to you and reduce the amount of closing costs you will pay. Also called mortgage points or points.
End of layer.

 



Monthly paymentFootnote *Conforming and Jumbo monthly payment includes principal and interest only. Any other fees such as tax and insurance are not included and will result in a higher actual monthly payment.



30-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



15-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX




This table correlates FHA products to rate, point, and APR% information.


FHA

Rate layer

close  


Rate
The rate of interest on a loan, expressed as a percentage.
End of layer.

 




APR layer

close  


Annual percentage rate (APR)
The annual cost of a loan to a borrower. Like an interest rate, the APR is expressed as a percentage of the loan amount. Unlike an interest rate, however, it includes other charges or fees to reflect the total cost of the loan. The Federal Truth in Lending Act requires that every consumer loan agreement disclose the APR. Since all lenders must follow the same rules to ensure the accuracy of the APR, borrowers can use the APR as a good basis for comparing certain costs of loans.
End of layer.

 




Points layer

close  


Discount points
Typically, it's an amount usually paid at closing to the lender in conjunction with a mortgage loan in order to lower or "buy down" the interest rate. One discount point equals one percentage point of the loan amount. For example, two points on a $100,000 mortgage would cost $2,000. Negative points reflect the amount that will be credited to you and reduce the amount of closing costs you will pay. Also called mortgage points or points.
End of layer.

 



Monthly paymentFootnote *Conforming and Jumbo monthly payment includes principal and interest only (FHA monthly payment includes principal, interest, and mortgage insurance). Any other fees such as tax and insurance are not included and will result in a higher actual monthly payment.



30-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



 

All products, rates, APRs, and credit assumptions valid on XX/XX/XXXX and are subject to change without notice. Chart data is for illustrative purposes only. Conforming and Jumbo data assumes a borrower with excellent credit and FHA data assumes a borrower with good credit. Accuracy is not guaranteed and products may not be available for your situation.
Loan assumptions and disclosures.

* Conforming and Jumbo monthly payment includes principal and interest only (FHA monthly payment includes principal, interest, and mortgage insurance). Any other fees such as tax and insurance are not included and will result in a higher actual monthly payment.

† 5/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 5 years. 7/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 7 years. Select the Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) monthly payment for important information, including estimated payments and rate adjustments.




This table correlates Conforming refinance products to rate, point, and APR% information.


Conforming

Rate layer

close  


Rate
The rate of interest on a loan, expressed as a percentage.
End of layer.

 




APR layer

close  


Annual percentage rate (APR)
The annual cost of a loan to a borrower. Like an interest rate, the APR is expressed as a percentage of the loan amount. Unlike an interest rate, however, it includes other charges or fees to reflect the total cost of the loan. The Federal Truth in Lending Act requires that every consumer loan agreement disclose the APR. Since all lenders must follow the same rules to ensure the accuracy of the APR, borrowers can use the APR as a good basis for comparing certain costs of loans.
End of layer.

 




Points layer

close  


Discount points
Typically, it's an amount usually paid at closing to the lender in conjunction with a mortgage loan in order to lower or "buy down" the interest rate. One discount point equals one percentage point of the loan amount. For example, two points on a $100,000 mortgage would cost $2,000. Negative points reflect the amount that will be credited to you and reduce the amount of closing costs you will pay. Also called mortgage points or points.
End of layer.

 



Monthly paymentFootnote *Conforming and Jumbo monthly payment includes principal and interest only. Any other fees such as tax and insurance are not included and will result in a higher actual monthly payment.



30-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



15-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



7/1 ARM layer (variable)
			
close  


Adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)
A mortgage or home equity loan in which your interest rate and monthly payments may change periodically during the life of the loan, based on the fluctuation of an index. Lenders may charge a lower interest rate for the initial period of the loan. Most ARMs have a rate cap that limits the amount the interest rate can change, both in an adjustment period, and over the life of the loan. Also called a variable-rate mortgage.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXXFootnote †5/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 5 years. 7/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 7 years. Select the Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) monthly payment for important information, including estimated payments and rate adjustments. (initial)



5/1 ARM layer (variable)
			
close  


Adjustable-rate mortgage (ARM)
A mortgage or home equity loan in which your interest rate and monthly payments may change periodically during the life of the loan, based on the fluctuation of an index. Lenders may charge a lower interest rate for the initial period of the loan. Most ARMs have a rate cap that limits the amount the interest rate can change, both in an adjustment period, and over the life of the loan. Also called a variable-rate mortgage.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXXFootnote †5/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 5 years. 7/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 7 years. Select the Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) monthly payment for important information, including estimated payments and rate adjustments. (initial)




This table correlates Jumbo refinance products to rate, point, and APR% information.


Jumbo

Rate layer

close  


Rate
The rate of interest on a loan, expressed as a percentage.
End of layer.

 




APR layer

close  


Annual percentage rate (APR)
The annual cost of a loan to a borrower. Like an interest rate, the APR is expressed as a percentage of the loan amount. Unlike an interest rate, however, it includes other charges or fees to reflect the total cost of the loan. The Federal Truth in Lending Act requires that every consumer loan agreement disclose the APR. Since all lenders must follow the same rules to ensure the accuracy of the APR, borrowers can use the APR as a good basis for comparing certain costs of loans.
End of layer.

 




Points layer

close  


Discount points
Typically, it's an amount usually paid at closing to the lender in conjunction with a mortgage loan in order to lower or "buy down" the interest rate. One discount point equals one percentage point of the loan amount. For example, two points on a $100,000 mortgage would cost $2,000. Negative points reflect the amount that will be credited to you and reduce the amount of closing costs you will pay. Also called mortgage points or points.
End of layer.

 



Monthly paymentFootnote *



30-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



15-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX




This table correlates FHA refinance products to rate, point, and APR% information.


FHA

Rate layer

close  


Rate
The rate of interest on a loan, expressed as a percentage.
End of layer.

 




APR layer

close  


Annual percentage rate (APR)
The annual cost of a loan to a borrower. Like an interest rate, the APR is expressed as a percentage of the loan amount. Unlike an interest rate, however, it includes other charges or fees to reflect the total cost of the loan. The Federal Truth in Lending Act requires that every consumer loan agreement disclose the APR. Since all lenders must follow the same rules to ensure the accuracy of the APR, borrowers can use the APR as a good basis for comparing certain costs of loans.
End of layer.

 




Points layer

close  


Discount points
Typically, it's an amount usually paid at closing to the lender in conjunction with a mortgage loan in order to lower or "buy down" the interest rate. One discount point equals one percentage point of the loan amount. For example, two points on a $100,000 mortgage would cost $2,000. Negative points reflect the amount that will be credited to you and reduce the amount of closing costs you will pay. Also called mortgage points or points.
End of layer.

 



Monthly paymentFootnote *



30-year fixed layer

close  


Fixed-rate mortgage
A home loan with a predetermined fixed interest rate for the entire term of the loan.
End of layer.

 



X.XXX%
X.XXX%
X.XXX
$X.XXX



 

All products, rates, APRs, and credit assumptions valid on XX/XX/XXXX and are subject to change without notice. Chart data is for illustrative purposes only. Conforming and Jumbo data assumes a borrower with excellent credit and FHA data assumes a borrower with good credit. Accuracy is not guaranteed and products may not be available for your situation.
Loan assumptions and disclosures.

* Conforming and Jumbo monthly payment includes principal and interest only (FHA monthly payment includes principal, interest, and mortgage insurance). Any other fees such as tax and insurance are not included and will result in a higher actual monthly payment.

† 5/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 5 years. 7/1 Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) interest rate and payment subject to increase after 7 years. Select the Adjustable Rate Mortgage (ARM) monthly payment for important information, including estimated payments and rate adjustments.
 



Calculators
Estimate your monthly mortgage payment
Estimate your monthly payment based on loan amount and interest rate.

Closing cost calculator
Estimate your closing costs based on area and purchase price.

Should I refinance my home?
See if your monthly mortgage payments could be lower if you refinance.

Home equity calculator
Use this calculator to get an idea of your rate and monthly payment for a home equity line of credit.

Affordability snapshot
A powerful interactive tool, to create your personalized affordability snapshot

Home value estimator
Use this tool to find out how much your home may be worth.

 


Mortgage resources
HomeOutlook®
View my monthly newsletter that features helpful tips and information for homeownership. View online or contact me to receive via email.

Better Money Habits™
A partnership with Khan Academy, Better Money Habits™ provides many videos and tips to help people when they are buying a home, figuring out a budget, learning about credit and more.

Bank of America Down Payment Resource Center
Find programs that may help lower your costs to buy a home offered by nonprofit and housing organizations. Combined with a low down payment loan, these programs may help make buying a home more affordable.


true
Find a property
Visit the Bank of America Real Estate Center, where you can search millions of existing homes, new homes and bank-owned properties. Sign-up to receive new property listing alerts, homes sold and neighborhood updates.

FAQs
Get answers to many frequently asked questions.

Glossary of terms
Not sure what a certain mortgage financing word means? You’ll probably find it here.





Home Loan Navigator™
Bank of America's Home Loan Navigator is an online tool, available through Online Banking, that can make the mortgage process easier.
Once you've signed in to Online Banking, you can:

•  View the current status and details of your loan application
•  View your To-Do List and complete your outstanding tasks
•  Choose to receive disclosures and other processing documents electronically
•  Electronically sign certain loan documents
•  Submit supporting documents online easily and securely
•  Communicate with your Home Loans team via secure messaging

The Home Loan Navigator is not available on certain loan types; please contact me for more details or to assist with questions about the status of your loan.

 



close Home Loan Navigator video
 


End of layer.


 






Log in to access the Home Loan Navigator.











« previous slide for carousel 1 next slide for carousel 1» 

« previous slide for carousel 2 next slide for carousel 2»
 





















Down payment and/or closing cost assistance programs may not be available in your area. Down payment and/or closing cost assistance amount may be due upon sale, refinance, transfer, repayment of the loan, or if the senior mortgage is assumed during the term of the loan. Some programs require repayment with interest and borrowers should become fully informed prior to closing. Not all applicants will qualify. Minimum credit scores may apply. Sales price restrictions and income requirements may apply. Homebuyer education may be required. Owner-occupied properties only. Maximum loan amounts may apply.




†† Bank of America imports customer ratings from Zillow®, a third party unaffiliated with Bank of America, and your use of these customer ratings, and each mortgage lender's related reviews on the Zillow website are subject to Zillow's Terms of Use. Each customer combined rating is provided for informational purposes only and may not reflect the most up to date customer rating on Zillow. Neither Bank of America nor Zillow make any guarantees about the claims made in any customer rating or the accuracy and / or completeness of such reviews. Neither Bank of America nor Zillow assumes any liability for any statements made in customer reviews and / or actions taken in reliance upon such customer reviews.


© Zillow, Inc., 2006-2017. Use is subject to Terms of use

Credit and collateral are subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. This is not a commitment to lend. Programs, rates, terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.


Scott Gregory  ›  Overview

By clicking “Submit” you agree to authorize Bank of America, N.A. to contact you at the telephone, email or direct mail contact data you have provided above for purposes of fulfilling this inquiry about mortgage financing, even if you have previously registered on a Do Not Call registry or requested Bank of America to not send marketing information to you by email and/or direct mail. You agree we may use automatic telephone dialing systems and prerecorded voice messaging in connection with calls or texts made to any telephone number you provide even if the telephone number is assigned to a cellular/mobile telephone service or other service for which the called party is charged. You understand that you are not required to consent to receiving autodialed calls/texts as a condition of purchasing any Bank of America products or services. If you do not wish to authorize Bank of America, N.A. to contact you in this manner, you will need to call the number provided on this form to complete your request.

Bank of America    |    Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.

Profile

close  third party interstitial layer
 




You're leaving the Bank of America website



You are going to a third-party website that Bank of America does not control. The website is governed by the third party’s posted privacy policy and terms of use, and the third party is solely responsible for the content, offerings and level of security presented on its website.
Select Continue if you want to go to the third party’s website.
Select Cancel if you choose not to go to the third party’s website.

Continue Cancel End of layer.


 



B15M9https://mortgage.bankofamerica.com/scott-gregory/contact-me https://mortgage.bankofamerica.com/scott-gregory/overview#calculators https://mortgage.bankofamerica.com/scott-gregory/overview#resources https://agentresources.bankofamerica.com/marketupdates?id=369230mlo203k?id=369230
















H. Scott Gregory - Gregory, Doyle, Calhoun & Rogers, LLC




















































































  





 CONTACT: 770-422-1776



 Search


























 

 



































































 



 


 


 





























H. Scott Gregory, Jr.







As Managing Member of Gregory, Doyle, Calhoun & Rogers, LLC, H. Scott Gregory, Jr. provides executive leadership to the firm and its daily operations. 
Mr. Gregory focuses his law practice in the areas of business law and commercial transactions.  He regularly advises closely-held and family-owned companies with private offerings of debt and equity, mergers and acquisition, venture capital and private equity transactions, as well as general corporate and regulatory representation.  He has represented international and domestic companies in healthcare, manufacturing, financial, distribution, agriculture, real estate, pharmaceutical and medical delivery and energy sectors.




Notable Client Highlights
Some of Mr. Gregory’s recent notable transactions include:


Successfully represented a leading advisor to independent fund boards with approximately $21 billion in multi-asset “target date” retirement funds—in connection with its potential sale to Legal & General.
Representing owners in the sale of their health care and pharmaceutical businesses in a stock transaction for $6 million and $7 million respectively.
Representing an agricultural company in developing and executing a joint alliance agreement with multiple suppliers.
Representing second and third generation family-owned businesses with succession, redemption and transition plans.
Representing an agricultural company in negotiating supply agreements and asset purchase of processing facility located in the commonwealth of Virginia.
Representing a healthcare service provider in negotiating an exclusive service agreement with General Electric.
Representing a corporation in negotiating a six-year service agreement with a value of $20 million.
Representing a government entity in negotiating and executing a program management agreement with a value of $26 million.
Representing a corporation in negotiating the termination of a marketing agreement valued at $15 million.
Representing sellers and purchasers in multiple stock and asset transactions in excess of $10 million.
Representing stock purchasers in a private offering and negotiating the term sheet for a minority position in a health care company and sports good company.
Representing corporations and individuals in restructuring debt in excess of $100 million with regards to commercial, residential development, retail and industrial projects.
Representing an investment group in forming a holding company to own and operate a lending company in Great Britain
Representing companies in forming joint ventures and strategic alliances with manufacturing companies in China.
Advising corporations in the management of derivative actions brought by shareholders and members.
Advising corporations and management regarding negotiation and management of multi-million dollar distribution agreements.







Professional & Community Involvement


Member, State Bar of Georgia
Member, Georgia State Bar Association
Member, Cobb County Bar Association
Chair, Board of Directors, The Walker School
Former Elder and former Senior High Youth Group Leader, First Presbyterian Church of Marietta
Founding Member, Marietta WorkMatters
Co-chair of the Cobb County Prayer Breakfast
Regional Economic Development Strategy, Steering Committee
Cobb Chamber of Commerce Board of Directors







Recognitions


Master of Ceremonies, 2011 Cobb County Prayer Breakfast
Twenty Rising Stars under Forty, Cobb Life
Martindale-Hubbell®, AV Preeminent Attorney®, representing the highest rating standard and greatest level of professional excellence for legal knowledge, communication skills and ethical standards







Publications & Speaking Engagements


Mergers and Acquisition. Deal Structuring and Negotiations, Coles College of Business, Certified M & A Professional Program
Business Succession Planning and Tax Considerations, Exit Planning Institute, Transfer Channel Panel Member.









 



							H. Scott Gregory, Jr.						
Member

















sgregory@gregorydoylefirm.com
(770) 422-1776




PRACTICE AREAS








Business Transactions and Corporate Law




INDUSTRIES SERVED








Closely-Held & Family-Owned Businesses
Healthcare
Energy
Financial Services
Construction
Manufacturing
Real Estate & Government




BAR & COURT ADMISSIONS








Georgia




OTHER EXPERIENCE








Judicial Law Clerk, Supreme Court of Georgia, The Honorable Justice Harris P. Hines
Chief Legal Counsel for the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority
Director of a Banking Institution




EDUCATION








J.D., Emory University School of Law
B.A., St. Andrews University
Foreign Languages, Beijing Normal University














 
 

 
 

























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE









