










SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP (HYJF) SPO - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    SPOs  > 
    Company SPO Overview





SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP (HYJF) SPO




Overview




Financials &amp Filings




Experts







Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP


Company Address
ROOM 2403, SHANGHAI MART TOWER2299 WEST YAN?AN ROAD,CHANGNING DISTRICTSHANGHAI 200336


Company Phone
86-021-2357-0077


Company Website
www.hyjf.com


CEO
Bodang Liu


Employees  (as of 6/30/2017) 
149


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (7/26/2017)


Symbol
HYJF


Exchange
NASDAQ Capital


Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$40,000,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001628468




We estimate that the net proceeds from the sale of the [ ] shares of common
stock in the offering will be approximately $[ ] million after deducting the
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses.

We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering for the following purposes:

(1) general corporate purposes, which may include investment in product     
    development, sales and marketing activities, technology upgrading, capital
    expenditures, improvement of corporate facilities, attracting qualified  
    employees and other general and administrative matters.

(2) We may also use a portion of these proceeds for the acquisition of, or 
    investment in, technologies, solutions or businesses that complement our 
    business.

The amounts and timing of these expenditures will vary depending on a number of
factors, including the amount of cash generated by our operations, competitive
and technological developments, and the rate of growth, if any, of our business.

Although we may use a portion of the proceeds for the acquisition of, or
investment in, companies, technologies, products or assets that complement our
business, we have no present understandings, commitments or agreements to enter
into any acquisitions or make any investments. We cannot assure you that we will
make any acquisitions or investments in the future.


The online financial platform industry in China is intensely competitive. In
light of the low barriers of entry in this industry, more players may enter this
market which would result in increased competition. We anticipate that more
established internet, technology and financial services companies that possess
large, existing user bases, substantial financial resources and established
distribution channels may enter the market in the future. Based on our research
conducted in the database of Wang Dai Zhi Jia (www.wdzj.com), a third-party
information platform that specializes in providing information in China’s
internet finance industry, we believe the following companies are our major
competitors in the various business segments set forth below:

Shanghai Lujiazui International Financial Assets Trading Market Inc.
(“Lujinsuo”)- Lujinsuo is the only financial assets trading information service
platform that runs its business through the trading platform of the State
Counsel of China. It provides investment and financing services to SMEs and
individuals. As of June 30, 2017, it had approximately 31.2 million registered
users. Lujinsuo offers what is known as “financial instruments beneficial rights
transfer” information services to financial and non-financial companies. This is
a process in which the borrowers (usually companies) pledge their bank
acceptance bills, and then transfer the beneficial interests to investors.
Lujinsuo’s role is an informational intermediary between the holders of bank
acceptance bills and the investors.

Yirendai Ltd.(“Yirendai”) – Yirendai is a leading online consumer financial
platform in China connecting investors and individual borrowers. According to
Yirendai reports, they facilitated RMB 32.30 billion ($4.75 billion) in loans
from their inception in March 2012 through December 31, 2016. According to the
database of Wang Dai Zhi Jia, Yirendai facilitated RMB 3.22 billion
(approximately $473 million) in loans in June 2017 and was ranked 10 in the
industry. Leveraging the extensive experience of their parent company
CreditEase, they have large client bases consisting of underserved investors and
individual borrowers in China.

Beijing ZhongGuan Village RongHui Financial Information Service Co., Ltd.
(“Huijinsuo”) – Huijinsuo is the internet finance platform owned by Sunshine
Insurance Group, one of the Top 7 insurance companies in China. It focuses on
providing financial assets trading information service to enterprises, financial
institutions and individuals. It facilitated RMB 42.34 billion (approximately
$6.22 billion) in transactions from 2014 to March 2017 and had 0.74 million
registered users as of March 2017.

Kaixindai Financing Service Jiangsu Co., Ltd. (“Kaixindai”) – Co-founded by
China Development Bank, Kaixindai is a state-owned internet finance platform
that aims at providing safe, stable and convenient internet lending intermediary
services to SMEs and individuals. It facilitated RMB 41.88 billion
(approximately $6.16 billion) in loans from December 2012 through June 2017.
According to Wang Dai Zhi Jia, Kaixindai facilitated RMB 581.42 million
(approximately $85.46 million) in loans in June 2017 and ranked 64 in the
industry.

We also compete with other financial products and companies that attract
borrowers, investors or both. With respect to borrowers, we compete with other
online financial platforms and traditional financial institutions, such as
financing business units in commercial banks, credit card issuers and other
financing companies. With respect to investors, we primarily compete with other
investment products and asset classes, such as equities, bonds, investment trust
products, bank savings accounts and real estate.


Company Description
We are a holding company that, through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, Benefactum
Alliance Holdings Company Limited, a British Virgin Islands company (“Benefactum
Alliance”), Benefactum Sino Limited, a Hong Kong company (“Benefactum Sino”) and
Benefactum Alliance (Shenzhen) Investment Consulting


 Company Limited, a People’s
Republic of China company (“Benefactum Shenzhen” or “WFOE”) and our
contractually controlled and managed company, Benefactum Alliance Business
Consultant (Beijing) Co., Ltd., a People’s Republic of China company
(“Benefactum Beijing”), operate an electronic online financial platform,
www.hyjf.com, which is designed to match investors with small and medium-sized
enterprises (“SMEs”) and individual borrowers in China. We believe our services
provide an effective solution for under-served SME and individual borrowers who
need access to financing. Since the launch of our marketplace in December 2013
through December 31, 2016, we have facilitated over RMB 10.33 billion
(approximately $1.52 billion) in loans. As of December 31, 2016, we had more
than 200,000 registered investors and 12 institutional partners.

We generate revenue by matching lenders, who we refer to as our Investors, with
individual and SME borrowers. We typically charge borrowers a service fee
between 1.5% and 3% of the loan amount depending on the term of the loan.
Additionally we charge a 0.3% monthly maintenance fee of the loan amount on
active accounts (i.e. accounts with outstanding loans). In addition, in June
2017 we engaged qualified non-banking financial institution to provide entrusted
loans to SMEs. Through this process we, as the trustor, provide funds to a
trustee, who enters into a three-party loan agreement with us and the borrower.
The loans are typically short-term and are guaranteed by a third-party financing
guarantor. This one step forward towards our long-term strategy of building a
financial ecosystem aimed at providing full service to our SME customers. We
intend to expand our business in both online and offline sectors to meet the
demands of various customers.

Due to PRC legal restrictions on foreign ownership and investment in, among
other areas, value-added telecommunications services, which include Internet
Content Providers, or ICPs, we, similar to all other entities with
foreign-incorporated holding company structures operating in our industry in
China, have to operate our internet businesses and other businesses in which
foreign investment is restricted or prohibited in the PRC through wholly
foreign-owned enterprises, majority-owned entities and variable interest
entities. As a result of the restrictions on foreign investment in this
industry, we plan to continue operating our online financial platform in China
through Benefactum Beijing, which is wholly-owned by two Chinese shareholders
but is contractually controlled and managed through our wholly-owned WFOE.

The contractual arrangements between WFOE and Benefactum Beijing collectively
enable us to exercise effective control over, and realize substantially all of
the economic risks and benefits arising from Benefactum Beijing. The contractual
arrangements may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct
ownership.
---

We were incorporated on April 18, 2014 in the State of Nevada. We conduct our
business primarily in Beijing, Shanghai and Shandong Province, People’s Republic
of China. Our principal executive offices are located at Rooms 2401, 2402, 2403,
2404 and 2412 on 2299 Yan’an West Road, Shanghai, China. Our telephone number is
+86 021-2357-0077. We maintain a website at www.hyjf.com.


Full Description





Company Financials



Revenue
$7,886,899


Net Income
$1,993,288


Total Assets
$24,179,853






Total Liabilities
$10,783,429


Stockholders' Equity
$13,396,424


View all Company Financials for HYJF


Company Filings

                                Viewing: 1 - 1 Total: 1
                            











Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP
S-1
7/26/2017
Filing



View all SEC Filings for HYJF




Experts


Auditor
Anton & Chia, LLP


Company Counsel
Loeb and Loeb LLP


Transfer Agent
Globex Transfer LLC


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter Counsel
 -- 




The SPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest SPOs for the most recent information.


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:58pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
3:56pTrump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
3:54pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
3:53pRIP myRA: A good idea with terrible execution
3:48pDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
3:46pBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
3:43pHow do I protect my brother with autism from financial predators?
3:39p‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
3:38pCan Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 
3:37pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and fill in as universal standbys
3:15pIs your Amazon sale item truly discounted? Here’s how to find out
3:14pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
3:12pAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
3:11pOil logs its biggest weekly gain of the year
3:06pWhy John McCain ignored Trump plea and shot down Obamacare repeal               
3:04pU.S. economy speeds up in second quarter after bumpy ride earlier in the year  
2:57pWaters has testy exchange with Mnuchin over Trump financing
2:55pTreasury yields slide after second-quarter GDP data
2:53pInvestment chief who manages $19 billion sees big gains on the ‘frontier’
2:51pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.82

+34.27
+0.16%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,373.81

-8.38
-0.13%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.03

-3.39
-0.14%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Sino Fortune Holding Corporation, Prior to Reverse Merger With Benefactum Alliance Holdings Company: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 3:58 PM ET
Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

Company Overview of Sino Fortune Holding Corporation, Prior to Reverse Merger With Benefactum Alliance Holdings Company



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of September 29, 2016, Sino Fortune Holding Corporation was acquired by Benefectum Alliance Business Consultant (Beijing) Co., Ltd., in a reverse merger transaction. Tapioca Corp., a development stage company, engages in selling bubble tea from mobile stands in Romania. It intends to place bubble tea stands at shopping malls, street corners, flea markets, schools, colleges, and universities, as well as transportation hubs, such as bus, ferries, or train stations. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Lasi, Romania.


Vasile Lupu nr. 83bl. D1sc. BSuite 37Lasi,  01245RomaniaFounded in 2014



Phone: 40 37 378 1242








Key Executives for Sino Fortune Holding Corporation, Prior to Reverse Merger With Benefactum Alliance Holdings Company


Sino Fortune Holding Corporation, Prior to Reverse Merger With Benefactum Alliance Holdings Company does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Sino Fortune Holding Corporation, Prior to Reverse Merger With Benefactum Alliance Holdings Company Key Developments

Sino Fortune Seeks Acquisitions
Aug 22 16
Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (OTCPK:SFHD) is seeking acquisitions. The management said that Jing Xie, sole Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Sino Fortune Holding Corporation is primarily tasked to investigate acquisition opportunities although we believe that business opportunities may also come to our attention from various sources, including our controlling shareholders, professional advisors such as attorneys and accountants, securities broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community, and others who may present unsolicited proposals.


Sino Fortune Holding Corporation announced delayed 10-Q filing
Aug 15 16
On 08/15/2016, Sino Fortune Holding Corporation announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Sino Fortune Holding Corporation announced delayed 10-Q filing
Jun 14 16
On 06/14/2016, Sino Fortune Holding Corporation announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Administrare Cazare Cantine SA (Bucuresti) Europe Adrian Restaurante SRL Europe Agentia de Turism BIRTA GROUP S.A. Europe Alpin SA Sinaia Europe Ana Hotels SA Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sino Fortune Holding Corporation, Prior to Reverse Merger With Benefactum Alliance Holdings Company, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




3:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:58pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
3:56pTrump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
3:54pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
3:53pRIP myRA: A good idea with terrible execution
3:48pDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
3:46pBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
3:43pHow do I protect my brother with autism from financial predators?
3:39p‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
3:38pCan Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 
3:37pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and fill in as universal standbys
3:15pIs your Amazon sale item truly discounted? Here’s how to find out
3:14pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
3:12pAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
3:11pOil logs its biggest weekly gain of the year
3:06pWhy John McCain ignored Trump plea and shot down Obamacare repeal               
3:04pU.S. economy speeds up in second quarter after bumpy ride earlier in the year  
2:57pWaters has testy exchange with Mnuchin over Trump financing
2:55pTreasury yields slide after second-quarter GDP data
2:53pInvestment chief who manages $19 billion sees big gains on the ‘frontier’
2:51pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.68

+34.13
+0.16%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,373.85

-8.33
-0.13%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.03

-3.39
-0.14%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




3:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:58pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
3:56pTrump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
3:54pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
3:53pRIP myRA: A good idea with terrible execution
3:48pDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
3:46pBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
3:43pHow do I protect my brother with autism from financial predators?
3:39p‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
3:38pCan Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 
3:37pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and fill in as universal standbys
3:15pIs your Amazon sale item truly discounted? Here’s how to find out
3:14pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
3:12pAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
3:11pOil logs its biggest weekly gain of the year
3:06pWhy John McCain ignored Trump plea and shot down Obamacare repeal               
3:04pU.S. economy speeds up in second quarter after bumpy ride earlier in the year  
2:57pWaters has testy exchange with Mnuchin over Trump financing
2:55pTreasury yields slide after second-quarter GDP data
2:53pInvestment chief who manages $19 billion sees big gains on the ‘frontier’
2:51pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.68

+34.13
+0.16%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,373.85

-8.33
-0.13%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.03

-3.39
-0.14%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































    SFHD Key Statistics - Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Sino Fortune Holding Corp.

                  OTC: SFHD
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Sino Fortune Holding Corp.



Countdown to close
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 29, 2016, 5:20 p.m.


SFHD

/quotes/zigman/69999597/delayed


$
2.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 400
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/69999597/delayed
Previous close

$
			2.00
		


$
				2.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















			Company Description 


			Sino Fortune Holding Corp. operates as a development stage company with interest in engaging in the management of bubble tea stands. It products include hot and cold milk teas and fruit-flavoured teas. The company operates under the Tapioca Bubble Tea brand. Tapioca was founded on April 18, 2014 and...
		


                Sino Fortune Holding Corp. operates as a development stage company with interest in engaging in the management of bubble tea stands. It products include hot and cold milk teas and fruit-flavoured teas. The company operates under the Tapioca Bubble Tea brand. Tapioca was founded on April 18, 2014 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, China.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
200.00


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
160.23


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
200.00


Price to Sales Ratio
27.77


Price to Book Ratio
64.39


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
142.05


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
133.78


Enterprise Value to Sales
33.24

Efficiency

Receivables Turnover
51.02


Total Asset Turnover
2.43

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.21


Quick Ratio
2.21


Cash Ratio
1.87



Profitability

Operating Margin
18.65


Pretax Margin
18.77


Net Margin
14.48


Return on Assets
35.22


Return on Equity
63.62


Return on Total Capital
63.62


Return on Invested Capital
63.62

Capital Structure




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Bodang  Liu 
-
2016
Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Zhen  Wei 
44
2016
Chief Financial Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/sfhd

      MarketWatch News on SFHD
    
No News currently available for SFHD





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/sfhd

      Other News on SFHD
    




 10-Q: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP
4:14 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP
4:43 p.m. April 13, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q/A: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP
3:59 p.m. Sept. 19, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP
1:51 p.m. Aug. 22, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Sino Fortune Holding Corp.
China Merchants Tower
17A&B, Wanchai Road
Nanshan
Shenzhen, Guangdong 518000




Phone
86 15601666822


Industry
Restaurants


Sector
Leisure/Arts/Hospitality


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$24.68M


Net Income
$3.57M


2016 Sales Growth 
2091361.8%


Employees

        -


Annual Report for SFHD











/news/pressrelease/company/us/sfhd

      Press Releases on SFHD
    




 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Closing of $13 Million Convertible Notes Financing
4:30 p.m. July 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services
4:30 p.m. July 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Reverse Stock Split
7:00 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Signs Framework Agreement to Acquire a Minority Interest in TouZhiJia
7:00 a.m. June 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Change of Auditor
8:45 a.m. June 5, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
7:35 p.m. May 11, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results
6:30 a.m. April 17, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:58 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:58pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
3:56pTrump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 
3:54pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
3:53pRIP myRA: A good idea with terrible execution
3:48pDollar turns lower for the week following GDP report
3:46pBitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness
3:43pHow do I protect my brother with autism from financial predators?
3:39p‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice
3:38pCan Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 
3:37pMeet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and fill in as universal standbys
3:15pIs your Amazon sale item truly discounted? Here’s how to find out
3:14pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
3:12pAmerican Airlines profit falls, unit revenue gains
3:11pOil logs its biggest weekly gain of the year
3:06pWhy John McCain ignored Trump plea and shot down Obamacare repeal               
3:04pU.S. economy speeds up in second quarter after bumpy ride earlier in the year  
2:57pWaters has testy exchange with Mnuchin over Trump financing
2:55pTreasury yields slide after second-quarter GDP data
2:53pInvestment chief who manages $19 billion sees big gains on the ‘frontier’
2:51pThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.67

+34.12
+0.16%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,373.87

-8.31
-0.13%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.02

-3.40
-0.14%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































SFHD Stock Price - Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.04


-3.38


-0.14%











Nasdaq

6,373.71


-8.47


-0.13%











GlobalDow

2,849.98


-1.10


-0.04%











Gold

1,275.40


8.90


0.70%











Oil

49.68


0.64


1.31%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.7






FLS
-10.8




MO
-9.4




SBUX
-9.3




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








3:57p

Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’



3:55p

Trump Today: President suggests officers hit suspects’ heads on police cars 



3:54p

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



3:53p

Updated
RIP myRA: A good idea with terrible execution



3:47p

Updated
Dollar turns lower for the week following GDP report



3:45p

Updated
Bitcoin prices rise as Ether extends recent weakness



3:42p

How do I protect my brother with autism from financial predators?



3:38p

Updated
‘Game of Thrones’: New photos of episode 3 tease meeting of fire and ice



3:37p

Updated
Can Christopher Nolan’s ‘Dunkirk’ crack China’s market? 



3:36p

Updated
Meet the ‘Hamilton’ actors who fly cross-country and fill in as universal standbys












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


SFHD


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



SFHD
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Sino Fortune Holding Corp.

Watchlist 
CreateSFHDAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 29, 2016 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
2.00



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$2.0000





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Open: 0.00
Last: 2.00



0.0000
Day Low/High
0.0000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.00



Day Range
0.0000 - 0.0000



52 Week Range




Market Cap
$325.64M



Shares Outstanding
361.82M



Public Float
24.42M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
115.61



EPS
$0.02



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a




 


Performance






  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-Q: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP
10-Q: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP

May. 11, 2017 at 4:14 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-K: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP


Apr. 13, 2017 at 4:44 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q/A: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP


Sep. 19, 2016 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: SINO FORTUNE HOLDING CORP


Aug. 22, 2016 at 1:52 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services
Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services

Jul. 7, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Closing of $13 Million Convertible Notes Financing
Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Closing of $13 Million Convertible Notes Financing

Jul. 7, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Reverse Stock Split
Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Reverse Stock Split

Jun. 27, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Signs Framework Agreement to Acquire a Minority Interest in TouZhiJia
Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Signs Framework Agreement to Acquire a Minority Interest in TouZhiJia

Jun. 20, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Change of Auditor
Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Change of Auditor

Jun. 5, 2017 at 8:45 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May. 11, 2017 at 7:35 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results


Apr. 17, 2017 at 6:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Sino Fortune Holding Corp.


            
            Sino Fortune Holding Corp. operates as a development stage company with interest in engaging in the management of bubble tea stands. It products include hot and cold milk teas and fruit-flavoured teas. The company operates under the Tapioca Bubble Tea brand. Tapioca was founded on April 18, 2014 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, China.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Wanderport Corp.
-1.01%
$2.6M


Weis Markets Inc.
-0.77%
$1.28B


Second Cup Ltd.
11.84%
$19.5M


Sino Fortune Holding Corp.
0.00%
$325.64M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

-11.06%








SBUX

-9.29%








KTOS

-9.08%








BIDU

10.59%








MO

-9.42%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.



















Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces The Launch Of Entrusted Loan Services - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces The Launch Of Entrusted Loan Services









PR Newswire




Jul 7, 2017 4:30 PM EDT













 




























































  SHANGHAI, July 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (OTCQB: SFHD) (" Sino Fortune" or the "Company"), a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing SMEs and individual borrowers in China, today announced the launch of entrusted loan services (the "Services") to the vastly underserved SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company has engaged Qingdao Weichuang Private Capital Management Co., Ltd. as the trustee (the "Trustee") at launch of the Services. The Company also announced today that it has entered into a series of entrusted loan contracts (the "Entrusted Loan Contracts"), pursuant to which the Company, as the trustor and provider of the funds, entrusted the Trustee to grant entrusted loans in the aggregate principal amount of RMB 50 million (approximately US$7,362,252) to five SME borrowers. In connection with the execution of the Entrusted Loan Contracts, the Company also entered into entrusted loan guarantee contracts with financing guarantors, pursuant to which the guarantors have agreed to guarantee the obligations under the Entrusted Loan Contracts. "Today marks an important milestone for our Company as we launch our new entrusted loan services. Leveraging our continuously improving financial condition and years of experience in providing financing solutions to the SME and individual borrowers in China, we believe the new Services allow us not only to maximize returns on our surplus cash but also to expand our scope beyond the existing service of being a matchmaker between investors and borrowers through our online marketplace, www.hyjf.com," said Bodang Liu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sino Fortune. Mr. Liu continued, "As China's financial service industry is undergoing a transformative revolution due to technological advances and product innovations, posing both opportunities and challenges for companies like us, we believe continuing expansion of both scale and scope along the financial ecosystem is the only path to our long-term success. We have high hopes for this new line of business."   



 








 































































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


How Do I Hate Thee, Amazon? Let Me Count the Ways


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services 
         










    










 













 











 



















Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services
        																																																		
              











 News provided by
Sino Fortune Holding Corporation  
Jul 07, 2017, 16:30 ET









 Share this article




























































SHANGHAI, July 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (OTCQB: SFHD) ("Sino Fortune" or the "Company"), a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing SMEs and individual borrowers in China, today announced the launch of entrusted loan services (the "Services") to the vastly underserved SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company has engaged Qingdao Weichuang Private Capital Management Co., Ltd. as the trustee (the "Trustee") at launch of the Services. 








The Company also announced today that it has entered into a series of entrusted loan contracts (the "Entrusted Loan Contracts"), pursuant to which the Company, as the trustor and provider of the funds, entrusted the Trustee to grant entrusted loans in the aggregate principal amount of RMB 50 million (approximately US$7,362,252) to five SME borrowers. 
In connection with the execution of the Entrusted Loan Contracts, the Company also entered into entrusted loan guarantee contracts with financing guarantors, pursuant to which the guarantors have agreed to guarantee the obligations under the Entrusted Loan Contracts.
"Today marks an important milestone for our Company as we launch our new entrusted loan services. Leveraging our continuously improving financial condition and years of experience in providing financing solutions to the SME and individual borrowers in China, we believe the new Services allow us not only to maximize returns on our surplus cash but also to expand our scope beyond the existing service of being a matchmaker between investors and borrowers through our online marketplace, www.hyjf.com," said Bodang Liu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sino Fortune.
Mr. Liu continued, "As China's financial service industry is undergoing a transformative revolution due to technological advances and product innovations, posing both opportunities and challenges for companies like us, we believe continuing expansion of both scale and scope along the financial ecosystem is the only path to our long-term success. We have high hopes for this new line of business."  
About Sino Fortune Holding Corporation
Founded in 2013, Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (the "Company") is a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing under-served SME and individual borrowers in China. Through operating an electronic online financial platform, www.hyjf.com, the Company matches investors with SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company also sets aside risk reserve funds with the aim of limiting losses to investors from borrower defaults. In addition, the Company provides investors with access to a liquid secondary market, giving them an opportunity to exit their investments before the underlying loans become due. For more information, please visit: ir.hyjf.com. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial performance. All statements other than present and historical facts and conditions contained in this release, including any statements regarding our future results of operations and financial positions, business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are only predictions and reflect our current beliefs and expectations with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risk and uncertainties and subject to change at any time. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those contained in the projections or forward-looking statements.
For investors and media inquiries please contact:
At the Company:Ede YangEmail: ir@hyjf.com 
Investor Relations:Tony Tian, CFAWeitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.com Phone: +1-732-910-9692 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sino-fortune-holding-corp-announces-the-launch-of-entrusted-loan-services-300484708.html
SOURCE Sino Fortune Holding Corporation



 












Jul 07, 2017, 16:30 ET
Preview: Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Closing of $13 Million Convertible Notes Financing













Jun 27, 2017, 07:00 ET
Preview: Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Reverse Stock Split






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 07, 2017, 16:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Closing of $13 Million...








 

Jun 27, 2017, 07:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Reverse Stock Split





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Internet Technology
  Computer Electronics
  Banking & Financial Services
New Products & Services








 You just read:
Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services


 News provided by
Sino Fortune Holding Corporation  
Jul 07, 2017, 16:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Sino Fortune Holding Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















sino fortune holding corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
Sino Fortune Holding Corporation operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, makes investment in companies.




Corporate Information
Address:

2299 West Yan₣ 1/64 13/32an Road
Shanghai Mart Twr, 24/F, Rm 24
Shanghai, 200336
China


Phone:
86-021-2357-0077


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


Liu Bodang
Sino Fortune Holding Corp


























From The Web












Press Releases




Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services

Jul 07, 2017



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Closing of $13 Million Convertible Notes Financing

Jul 07, 2017



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Reverse Stock Split

Jun 27, 2017



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Signs Framework Agreement to Acquire a Minority Interest in TouZhiJia

Jun 20, 2017



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Change of Auditor

Jun 05, 2017



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May 11, 2017



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results

Apr 17, 2017






Key Executives


Liu Bodang


Chairman/CEO




Wei Zheng


Chief Financial Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































































Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan Services






Jul 7, 2017, 4:30pm EDT














SHANGHAI, July 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (OTCQB: SFHD) ("Sino Fortune" or the "Company"), a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing SMEs and individual borrowers in China, today announced the launch of entrusted loan services (the "Services") to the vastly underserved SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company has engaged Qingdao Weichuang Private Capital Management Co., Ltd. as the trustee (the "Trustee") at launch of the Services. 
The Company also announced today that it has entered into a series of entrusted loan contracts (the "Entrusted Loan Contracts"), pursuant to which the Company, as the trustor and provider of the funds, entrusted the Trustee to grant entrusted loans in the aggregate principal amount of RMB 50 million (approximately US$7,362,252) to five SME borrowers. 
In connection with the execution of the Entrusted Loan Contracts, the Company also entered into entrusted loan guarantee contracts with financing guarantors, pursuant to which the guarantors have agreed to guarantee the obligations under the Entrusted Loan Contracts.
"Today marks an important milestone for our Company as we launch our new entrusted loan services. Leveraging our continuously improving financial condition and years of experience in providing financing solutions to the SME and individual borrowers in China, we believe the new Services allow us not only to maximize returns on our surplus cash but also to expand our scope beyond the existing service of being a matchmaker between investors and borrowers through our online marketplace, www.hyjf.com," said Bodang Liu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sino Fortune.
Mr. Liu continued, "As China's financial service industry is undergoing a transformative revolution due to technological advances and product innovations, posing both opportunities and challenges for companies like us, we believe continuing expansion of both scale and scope along the financial ecosystem is the only path to our long-term success. We have high hopes for this new line of business."  
About Sino Fortune Holding Corporation
Founded in 2013, Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (the "Company") is a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing under-served SME and individual borrowers in China. Through operating an electronic online financial platform, www.hyjf.com, the Company matches investors with SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company also sets aside risk reserve funds with the aim of limiting losses to investors from borrower defaults. In addition, the Company provides investors with access to a liquid secondary market, giving them an opportunity to exit their investments before the underlying loans become due. For more information, please visit: ir.hyjf.com. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial performance. All statements other than present and historical facts and conditions contained in this release, including any statements regarding our future results of operations and financial positions, business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are only predictions and reflect our current beliefs and expectations with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risk and uncertainties and subject to change at any time. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those contained in the projections or forward-looking statements.
For investors and media inquiries please contact:
At the Company:Ede YangEmail: ir@hyjf.com 
Investor Relations:Tony Tian, CFAWeitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.com Phone: +1-732-910-9692 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sino-fortune-holding-corp-announces-the-launch-of-entrusted-loan-services-300484708.html
SOURCE  Sino Fortune Holding Corporation




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  











Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Change Of Auditor - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces Change Of Auditor









PR Newswire




Jun 5, 2017 8:45 AM EDT













 


















































  SHANGHAI, June 5, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (OTCQB: SFHD) (" Sino Fortune" or the "Company"), a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing SME and individual borrowers in China, today announced the appointment of Friedman LLP ("Friedman") as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, effective June 1, 2017. Friedman replaces the Company's previous independent registered public accounting firm, Anton & Chia, LLP ("A&C"). The decision to dismiss A&C and to appoint Friedman was approved by our Board of Directors on May 31, 2017. The decision to change auditors was not a result of any disagreement between the Company and A&C on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure. Sino Fortune would like to take this opportunity to express its sincere gratitude to the A&C team for their services rendered to the Company.  About Sino Fortune Holding Corporation Founded in 2013, Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (" Sino Fortune") is a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing under-served SME and individual borrowers in China. Through operating an electronic online financial platform, www.hyjf.com, the Company matches investors with SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company also sets aside risk reserve funds with the aim of limiting losses to investors from borrower defaults. In addition, the company provides investors with access to a liquid secondary market, giving them an opportunity to exit their investments before the underlying loans become due. For more information, please visit: www.hyjf.com.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Starbucks Shares Are Plunging by More Than 10% -- Go Out and Buy!


Worst Performing Tech Stocks: AMZN, AMD, MU, WDC


How Do I Hate Thee, Amazon? Let Me Count the Ways


Amazon Shares Could Still Bust Open Your Wallet If You Aren't Very Careful


U.S. Steel Shares Are Being Torched, Thanks to One Stock Analyst











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 




















 SINO - Stock quote for Sino-Global Shipping America Ltd - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Sino-Global Shipping America Ltd
NASDAQ: SINO



US Markets Close In1 min










AdChoices








2.98


▼


-0.09
-2.93%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 28, 2017 3:50 PM EDT. BATS BZX Real-Time Last Price. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
3.06


Previous Close
3.07


Volume (Avg) 
136.39k (285.58k)


Day's Range
2.97-3.12


52Wk Range
0.7600-14.20


Market Cap.
30.92M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
3.18


Shares Outstanding
10.11M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
8.74 (0.35) 









Recent News







Sino-Global Shipping SINO

                            
                            The Motley Fool
                        
7/21/2017






SINO-GLOBAL SHIPPING AMERICA, LTD. (SINO) IPO

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
7/21/2017






Key Executives for Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd.

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/17/2017






Sino-Global Shipping America

                            
                            yellowpages.com
                        
4 days ago






Sino-Global Shipping America Balance Sheet - Annual (NASDAQ:SINO)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/21/2017






Sino-Global Shipping America Ltd (SINO) NPV

                            
                            Hargreaves Lansdown
                        
7/21/2017








Favorable Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Sino-Global Shipping America (SINO) Share Price

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
7/19/2017






Sino-Global Shipping America Balance Sheet - Quarterly (NASDAQ:SINO)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/18/2017






Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd.

                            
                            buzzfile.com
                        
7/16/2017






Lei Cao Sells 10,000 Shares of Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. (SINO) Stock

                            
                            Breeze
                        
7/14/2017






Chief Financial Officer of Sino-Global Shipping America (NASDAQ:SINO), Pan Tuo, sells 9,800 shares worth $28,420

                            
                            Empowered News
                        
7/11/2017






Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. (SINO) CEO Lei Cao Sells 20,000 Shares

                            
                            Breeze
                        
7/10/2017








Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd.

                            
                            buzzfile.com
                        
7/9/2017






Chief Executive Officer of Sino-Global Shipping America (NASDAQ:SINO), Cao Lei, sells 10,000 shares worth $28,300

                            
                            Empowered News
                        
7/7/2017






SINO-GLOBAL SHIPPING AMERICA, LTD. (NASDAQ:SINO) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

                            
                            marketexclusive.com
                        
6/29/2017






SINO-GLOBAL SHIPPING AMERICA, LTD. (NASDAQ:SINO) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
6/29/2017






SINO-GLOBAL SHIPPING AMERICA, LTD. : Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders (form 8-K)

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
6/29/2017






Sino-Global Shipping America (SINO) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds

                            
                            themarketsdaily.com
                        
6/23/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,832.43


+35.88
+0.16%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 3:58 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,373.55




-8.63
-0.14%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,368.37




-74.64
-1.00%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,952.78




-10.45
-0.09%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 



Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan ServicesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 2 mins.S&P 5002,472.04-3.38 (-0.14%)Dow 3021,830.84+34.29 (+0.16%)Nasdaq6,373.85-8.33 (-0.13%)Sino Fortune Holding Corp. Announces the Launch of Entrusted Loan ServicesPR NewswireJuly 7, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareSHANGHAI, July 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (SFHD) ("Sino Fortune" or the "Company"), a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing SMEs and individual borrowers in China, today announced the launch of entrusted loan services (the "Services") to the vastly underserved SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company has engaged Qingdao Weichuang Private Capital Management Co., Ltd. as the trustee (the "Trustee") at launch of the Services.The Company also announced today that it has entered into a series of entrusted loan contracts (the "Entrusted Loan Contracts"), pursuant to which the Company, as the trustor and provider of the funds, entrusted the Trustee to grant entrusted loans in the aggregate principal amount of RMB 50 million (approximately US$7,362,252) to five SME borrowers.In connection with the execution of the Entrusted Loan Contracts, the Company also entered into entrusted loan guarantee contracts with financing guarantors, pursuant to which the guarantors have agreed to guarantee the obligations under the Entrusted Loan Contracts."Today marks an important milestone for our Company as we launch our new entrusted loan services. Leveraging our continuously improving financial condition and years of experience in providing financing solutions to the SME and individual borrowers in China, we believe the new Services allow us not only to maximize returns on our surplus cash but also to expand our scope beyond the existing service of being a matchmaker between investors and borrowers through our online marketplace, www.hyjf.com," said Bodang Liu, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sino Fortune.Mr. Liu continued, "As China's financial service industry is undergoing a transformative revolution due to technological advances and product innovations, posing both opportunities and challenges for companies like us, we believe continuing expansion of both scale and scope along the financial ecosystem is the only path to our long-term success. We have high hopes for this new line of business." About Sino Fortune Holding CorporationFounded in 2013, Sino Fortune Holding Corporation (the "Company") is a leading online financial credit facility solution provider servicing under-served SME and individual borrowers in China. Through operating an electronic online financial platform, www.hyjf.com, the Company matches investors with SME and individual borrowers in China. The Company also sets aside risk reserve funds with the aim of limiting losses to investors from borrower defaults. In addition, the Company provides investors with access to a liquid secondary market, giving them an opportunity to exit their investments before the underlying loans become due. For more information, please visit: ir.hyjf.com.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or our future financial performance. All statements other than present and historical facts and conditions contained in this release, including any statements regarding our future results of operations and financial positions, business strategy, plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are only predictions and reflect our current beliefs and expectations with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risk and uncertainties and subject to change at any time. We operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from those contained in the projections or forward-looking statements.For investors and media inquiries please contact:At the Company:Ede YangEmail: ir@hyjf.comInvestor Relations:Tony Tian, CFAWeitian Group LLCEmail: tony.tian@weitian-ir.com Phone: +1-732-910-9692Read MoreTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sino-fortune-holding-corp-announces-the-launch-of-entrusted-loan-services-300484708.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHypothetically speaking, U.S. Admiral says ready for nuclear strike on China if Trump so orderedReutersEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceChelsea backlash a lesson for clubs chasing China cashAFPVietnam says others should respect its right to drill for South China Sea oilReutersZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsored‘If Trump Asked, We’d Nuke China Next Week,’ Says U.S. Navy Fleet CommanderNewsweekThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderTax cuts just got more likelyYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone to punish workers for misconductAssociated PressChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekYahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredTODAY'S CHARTS: Don't get blindsided by Tesla's shiny new Model 3Yahoo FinanceNorth Korea 2nd ICBM test puts much of US in range: expertsAssociated PressExclusive: Majority of Americans support transgender military service - pollBob: How about a poll that asks if tax payers should fund sex change surgery?  How do you think that will turn out?Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k








