

















Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Edward B. Stead - FindLaw






























 FindLaw For Legal Professionals 

Not a Legal Professional? Visit our consumer site  

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.





Menu
Search



Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology










Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference

























FindLaw
 Corporate Counsel

 Contracts

 Compensation

Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Edward B. Stead 



Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Edward B. Stead








                                                                October 13, 2000



Edward B. Stead
3704 Stratford
Dallas, TX  75205

Dear Ed:

            Blockbuster Inc. ("Blockbuster"), 1201 Elm Street, Dallas, Texas
75270, agrees to employ you and you agree to accept employment with Blockbuster
upon the following terms and conditions (the "Agreement"):

            1.    Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on November
                  ----
23, 1999 and end on March 1, 2000, and will be automatically renewed on March 1
of each year for a term of three (3) years commencing on the date of automatic
renewal, unless terminated by Blockbuster pursuant to Paragraph 8(a) or (b) or
otherwise. As used in this Agreement, the "Term" refers to the period beginning
on the initial commencement date of this Agreement and ending on the following
March 1st or, if the term of your employment has been automatically renewed
pursuant to this Paragraph 1, the period beginning on the date of automatic
renewal and ending on the third anniversary of the date of automatic renewal,
notwithstanding any earlier termination pursuant to Paragraph 8(a) or (b) or
otherwise.

            2.    Duties. You agree to devote your entire business time,
                  ------
attention and energies to the business of Blockbuster and its subsidiaries
during your employment. You will be Executive Vice President and General Counsel
of Blockbuster, and you agree to perform all duties reasonable and consistent
with that or such comparable office as the Chief Executive Officer (the "CEO")
of Blockbuster or other individual designated by the CEO of Blockbuster may
assign to you from time to time.

            3.    Compensation.
                  ------------

                  (a)   Salary. For all the services rendered by you in any
                        ------
capacity under this Agreement, Blockbuster agrees to pay you Thirty-one thousand
two hundred fifty Dollars ($31,250) a month in base salary ("Salary"), less
applicable deductions and withholding taxes, in accordance with Blockbuster's
payroll practices as they may exist from time to time.

                  (b)   Bonus Compensation. You also will receive bonus
                        ------------------
compensation ("Bonus") in accordance with Blockbuster's Short-Term Incentive
Plan or, if applicable, Blockbuster's Senior Executive Short-Term Incentive
Plan, each as may be amended from time to time (either of such plans, as
applicable, to be hereinafter referred to as the "STIP") and as follows:

                  (i)   Your target bonus ("Target Bonus") for each calendar
                        year will be 50% of your Salary on November 1st of the
                        calendar year; provided that, for any years in which
                        you are a participant in Blockbuster's Senior Executive
                        Short-Term Incentive Plan, for purposes of this Section
                        3(b)(i), your Target Bonus will be based on your Salary
                        as defined in such plan. Your Bonus may be prorated for
                        any portion of the calendar year that you were employed
                        under this Agreement.




Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 2

                  (ii)  Your Bonus for any calendar year will be payable, less
                        applicable deductions and withholding taxes, by the end
                        of the first quarter of the following year.

            4.    Benefits. You will participate in such vacation, medical,
                  --------
dental, life insurance, long-term disability insurance, 401(k), long-term
incentive and other plans as Blockbuster may have or establish from time to time
and in which you would be entitled to participate under the terms of the plan.
This provision, however, will not be construed to either require Blockbuster to
establish any welfare, compensation or long-term incentive plans, or to prevent
the modification or termination of any plan once established, and no action or
inaction with respect to any plan will affect this Agreement.

            5.    Business Expenses; Car Allowance and Insurance. During your
                  ----------------------------------------------
employment under this Agreement, Blockbuster will reimburse you for such
reasonable travel and other expenses incurred in the performance of your duties
consistent with Blockbuster's then applicable expense reimbursement policies for
Blockbuster executives at comparable position levels. You will receive a car
allowance and car insurance for one (1) vehicle in accordance with Blockbuster's
policies, as same may be amended from time to time.

            6.    Non-Competition, Confidential Information, Etc.
                  ----------------------------------------------

                  (a)   Non-Competition. You agree that your employment with
                        ---------------
Blockbuster is on an exclusive basis and that, while you are employed by
Blockbuster, you will not engage in any other business activity which is in
conflict with your duties and obligations (including your commitment of time)
under this Agreement. You agree that, during the Non-Compete Period (as defined
below), you will not directly or indirectly engage in or participate as an
owner, partner, stockholder, officer, employee, director, agent of or consultant
for any Blockbuster Competitor (as defined below) and will perform no services
for a Blockbuster Competitor similar to any services performed for Blockbuster;
provided, however, that this provision will not prevent you from investing as
--------  -------
less than a one (1%) percent stockholder in the securities of any company listed
on a national securities exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system.
The Non-Compete Period will cover the entire Term plus any period after the Term
for which you receive payments pursuant to Paragraph 8(c)(i). A Blockbuster
Competitor is any business entity which engages in the acquisition, aggregation,
or delivery of audio or video entertainment , including but not limited to the
rental or sale of video, DVD, or other movie product, equipment, or video games,
either (i) in electronic, digital, or internet commerce, or (ii) in one or more
geographic areas where Blockbuster has its operations (or is engaged in real
estate site selection or has taken other steps toward the commencement of
operations), either alone or in association with another entity. In every case,
the good faith judgment of Blockbuster will be conclusive as to whether a
business entity constitutes a Blockbuster Competitor. You agree that this
non-compete covenant is ancillary to an otherwise enforceable agreement,
including but not limited to the confidentiality covenant and the payment
provisions in Paragraph 3.

                  (b)   Confidential Information. You agree that, during the
                        ------------------------
Term and at any time thereafter, (i) you will not (a) use for any purpose other
than the duly authorized business of Blockbuster conducted in the course of your
employment at Blockbuster or, (b) disclose to any third party, any business
information, technological information, intellectual property, trade secrets and
other information belonging to Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies or
relating to Blockbuster's business, technology, or customers ("Confidential
Information"), including, without limitation, any written (including in any
electronic form) or oral communication incorporating Confidential Information in
any way; and (ii) you will comply with any and all confidentiality obligations
of Blockbuster to a third party, whether arising under a written agreement or
otherwise. Information will not be deemed Confidential Information which (x) is
or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a
disclosure by you or at your direction or by any other person who directly or
indirectly receives such information from you, or (y) is or becomes available to
you on a non-confidential basis from a source which is entitled to disclose it
to you.

                  (c)   No Employee Solicitation. You agree that, during the
                        ------------------------
Term and for one (1) year thereafter, you will not, directly or indirectly,
engage, employ or solicit the employment or consulting



Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 3

services of any person who is then or has been within six (6) months prior to
the time of such action, an employee of Blockbuster or any of its affiliated
companies.

          (d)  Blockbuster Ownership. Any inventions, discoveries, ideas,
               ---------------------
processes, programs, systems, improvements or contributions (whether or not
patentable), including but not limited to any useful process, method, formula
or, technique that is conceived, developed or discovered by you during your
employment by Blockbuster shall be the sole property of Blockbuster. Any works
of authorship or other materials created by you, in any form (including in any
electronic form), created by you in the course of employment with Blockbuster
and/or any of its affiliated companies and any works in progress resulting from
such employment will be works-made-for hire pursuant to 17 U.S.C., Section 201
(the Copyright Act) and Blockbuster will be deemed the sole owner throughout the
universe of any and all rights of every nature in and to such works (including,
without limitation, any copyrights, patents, trade secrets and trademarks),
whether such rights are now known or hereafter defined or discovered, with the
right to use the works in perpetuity in any manner Blockbuster determines in its
sole discretion without any further payment to you. If, for any reason, any of
such results and proceeds are not legally deemed a work-made-for-hire and/or
there are any rights in such results and proceeds which do not accrue to
Blockbuster under the preceding sentence, then you hereby irrevocably assign and
agree to assign any and all of your rights, title and interest thereto,
including, without limitation, any and all copyrights, patents, trade secrets,
trademarks, and/or other rights of every nature in the work, whether known or
hereafter defined or discovered, and Blockbuster will have the right to use the
work in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner Blockbuster determines
in its sole discretion without any further payment to you. You will, as may be
requested by Blockbuster from time to time, do any and all things which
Blockbuster may deem useful or desirable to establish or document Blockbuster's
rights in any such results and proceeds, including, without limitation, the
execution of appropriate copyright, trademark and/or patent applications,
assignments or similar documents and, if you are unavailable or unwilling to
execute such documents, you hereby irrevocably designate the CEO or his designee
as your attorney-in-fact with the power to execute such documents on your
behalf. To the extent you have any rights in the results and proceeds of your
services under this Agreement that cannot be assigned as described above, you
unconditionally and irrevocably waive the enforcement of such rights. This
Paragraph 6(d) is subject to, and does not limit, restrict, or constitute a
waiver by Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies of any ownership rights
to which Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies may be entitled by
operation of law by virtue of being your employer.

          (e)  Litigation. You agree that, during the Term and the pendancy of
               ----------
any litigation or other proceeding, and at any time thereafter, (i) you will not
communicate with anyone (other than your own attorneys or tax advisors), except
to the extent necessary in the performance of your duties under this Agreement,
with respect to the facts or subject matter of any pending or potential
litigation, or regulatory or administrative proceeding involving Blockbuster or
any of Blockbuster's affiliated companies, other than any litigation or other
proceeding in which you are a party-in-opposition, without giving prior notice
to Blockbuster or Blockbuster's counsel; and (ii) in the event that any other
party attempts to obtain information or documents from you with respect to
matters possibly related to such litigation or other proceeding, you will
promptly notify Blockbuster's counsel before providing such information or
documents.

          (f)  No Right to Give Interviews, Write Books, or Articles. During the
               -----------------------------------------------------
Term and at any time thereafter, except as authorized by Blockbuster, you will
not (i) give any interviews or speeches, or (ii) prepare or assist any person or
entity in the preparation of any books, articles, television or motion picture
productions or other creations, in either case, concerning Blockbuster or any of
its affiliated companies or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees, suppliers or customers.

          (g)  Return of Property. All documents, data, recordings, or other
               ------------------
property, whether tangible or intangible, including all information stored in
electronic form, obtained or prepared by or for you and utilized by you in the
course of your employment with Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies,
will remain the exclusive property of Blockbuster. In the event of the
termination of your



Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 4

employment for any reason, Blockbuster reserves the right, to the extent
permitted by law and in addition to any other remedy Blockbuster may have, to
deduct from any monies otherwise payable to you the following: (i) all amounts
you may owe to Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies at the time of or
subsequent to the termination of your employment with Blockbuster, and (ii) the
value of the Blockbuster property which you retain in your possession after the
termination of your employment with Blockbuster. In the event that the law of
any state or other jurisdiction requires the consent of any employee for such
deductions, this Agreement will serve as such consent.

          (h)  Non-Disparagement. You agree that, during the Term and at any
               -----------------
time thereafter, you will not, in any communications with the press or other
media or any customer, client or supplier of Blockbuster or any of its
affiliated companies, criticize, ridicule or make any statement which disparages
or is derogatory of Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies or any of
their respective directors or officers.

          (i)  Injunctive Relief. Blockbuster has entered into this Agreement in
               -----------------
order to obtain the benefit of your unique skills, talent, and experience. You
acknowledge and agree that any violation of paragraphs 6(a) through (h) of this
Agreement will result in irreparable damage to Blockbuster, and, accordingly,
Blockbuster shall be entitled to obtain injunctive and other equitable relief
for any breach or threatened breach of such paragraphs, in addition to any other
remedies available to Blockbuster.

          (j)  Survival; Modification of Terms. Your obligations under Paragraph
               -------------------------------
6(a) through (i) will remain in full force and effect for the entire period
provided therein notwithstanding the termination of your employment for any
reason or the expiration of the Term. You and Blockbuster agree that the
restrictions and remedies contained in paragraphs 6(a) through (i) are
reasonable and that it is your intention and the intention of Blockbuster that
such restrictions and remedies will be enforceable to the fullest extent
permissible by law. If a court of competent jurisdiction will find that any such
restriction or remedy is unenforceable but would be enforceable if some part
were deleted or the period or area of application reduced, then such restriction
or remedy will apply with the modification necessary to make it enforceable.

     7.   Disability. If you become "disabled" within the meaning of such term
          ----------
under Blockbuster's Short-Term Disability ("STD") program and its Long-Term
Disability ("LTD") program during the Term (such condition is referred to as a
"Disability"), you will receive compensation under the STD program for the first
twenty-six (26) weeks of consecutive absence in accordance with its terms.
Thereafter, you will be eligible to receive benefits under the LTD program in
accordance with its terms. If you have not returned to work by December 31st of
a calendar year during the Term, you will receive bonus compensation for the
calendar year(s) during the Term in which you receive compensation under the STD
program, determined as follows:

          (i)  for the portion of the calendar year from January 1st until the
               date on which you first receive compensation under the STD
               program, bonus compensation will be determined in accordance with
               the STIP (i.e., based upon Blockbuster's achievement of specified
                         ---
               goals and Blockbuster's good faith estimate of your achievement
               of your personal goals, if applicable) and prorated for such
               period; and

          (ii) for any subsequent portion of the calendar year and any portion
               of the following calendar year in which you receive compensation
               under the STD program, bonus compensation will be in an amount
               based on Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals and
               prorated for such period(s).

Bonus compensation under this Paragraph 7 will be paid, less applicable
deductions and withholding taxes, by the end of the first quarter of the year(s)
following the year as to which such bonus compensation is payable. You will not
receive bonus compensation for any portion of the calendar



Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 5

year(s) during the Term while you receive benefits under the LTD program. For
the periods that you receive compensation and benefits under the STD and LTD
programs, such compensation and benefits and the bonus compensation provided
under this Paragraph 7 are in lieu of Salary and Bonus under paragraphs 3(a) and
(b). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Term will
not automatically extend in the event you are receiving benefits under the STD
or LTD programs.

     8.   Termination.
          -----------

          (a)   Termination for Cause. Blockbuster may, at its option, terminate
                ---------------------
your employment under this Agreement forthwith for Cause and thereafter will
have no further obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
any obligation to pay Salary or Bonus or provide benefits. Cause will mean: (i)
dishonesty; (ii) embezzlement, fraud, or other conduct which would constitute a
felony; (iii) unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information; (iv) your
failure to obey a material lawful directive that is appropriate to your position
from an executive(s) in your reporting line; (v) your material breach of this
Agreement; or (vi) your failure (except in the event of your disability) or
refusal to substantially perform your material obligations under this Agreement.

          (b)   Termination Without Cause. Blockbuster may terminate your
                -------------------------
employment under this Agreement without Cause at any time during the Term by
written notice to you.

          (c)   Termination Payments/Benefits. If your employment terminates
                -----------------------------
under Paragraph 8(b), you will thereafter receive, less applicable withholding
taxes, and conditioned on your execution of a General Release and Waiver of
Claims substantially in the form attached hereto as an Addendum:

          (i)   your Salary, as in effect on the date on which your employment
                terminates, for thirty-six (36) months after the date of such
                termination, paid in accordance with Blockbuster's then
                effective payroll practices;

          (ii)  bonus compensation for the calendar year in which such
                termination occurs, payable by the end of the first quarter of
                the following year, determined as follows:

                (x) for the portion of the calendar year from January 1st until
                    the date of the termination, bonus compensation will be
                    determined in accordance with the STIP (i.e., based on
                                                            ---
                    Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals and
                    Blockbuster's good faith estimate of your achievement of
                    your personal goals, if applicable) and prorated for such
                    period; and

                (y) for the remaining portion of such calendar year during the
                    Term, bonus compensation will be in an amount based on
                    Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals, and prorated
                    for such period;

          (iii) bonus compensation for each subsequent calendar year or portion
                thereof during the Term, in an amount based on Blockbuster's
                achievement of specified goals, prorated for any partial
                calendar year, and payable by the end of the first quarter of
                the following year;

          (iv)  medical and dental insurance coverage provided under COBRA at no
                cost to you (except as hereafter described) pursuant to
                Blockbuster's then-current benefit plans until the end of the
                Term or, if earlier, the date on which you become eligible for
                medical and dental coverage from a third party; provided, that,
                                                                --------  ----
                during the period that Blockbuster provides you with this
                coverage, an amount equal to the applicable COBRA premiums (or
                such other amount as may be required by law) will be included in
                your income for tax purposes to the extent required by law



Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 6

                  and Blockbuster may withhold taxes from your compensation for
                  this purpose; and provided, further, that you may elect to
                                    --------  -------
                  continue your medical and dental insurance under COBRA at your
                  own expense for the balance, if any, of the period required by
                  law;

            (v)   your car allowance until the end of the Term, paid in
                  accordance with Blockbuster's then effective payroll
                  practices;

            (vi)  life insurance coverage until the end of the Term, pursuant to
                  Blockbuster's then-current policy in the amount then furnished
                  to Blockbuster employees at no cost (the amount of such
                  coverage will be reduced by the amount of life insurance
                  coverage furnished to you at no cost by a third party
                  employer); and

            (vii) stock options granted to you under Blockbuster's Long-Term
                  Management Incentive Plan ("LTMIP") which are exercisable on
                  or prior to the date of termination of your employment under
                  Paragraph 8(b) hereof and that would have vested and become
                  exercisable on or before the last date of the Term will be
                  exercisable until six (6) months after the date of such
                  termination or, if earlier, the expiration date of the stock
                  options.

You will be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in (i),
(ii), (iii) and (v) of this Paragraph 8(c) by seeking other employment, and the
amount of such payments will be reduced by any compensation earned by you from
any source, including, without limitation, salary, sign-on or annual bonus
compensation, consulting fees, commission payments, car allowance and, in the
event you receive significantly more long-term compensation than you received
from Blockbuster, Blockbuster's good faith estimate of the present value of the
portion of such long-term compensation in excess of the long-term compensation
from Blockbuster; provided, that mitigation will not be required, and no
                  --------
reduction for other compensation will be made, for twelve (12) months after the
termination of your employment. You agree to notify Blockbuster with respect to
any such compensation earned by you during the period when such mitigation is
required and to promptly respond to any inquiries from Blockbuster with respect
to such compensation or your efforts to fulfill your mitigation obligations
under this provision.

            (d)   Termination of Benefits. Notwithstanding anything in this
                  -----------------------
Agreement to the contrary (except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 8(c) with
respect to medical and dental benefits and life insurance), participation in all
Blockbuster benefit plans and programs (including, without limitation, vacation
accrual, the 401(k) plan, the pension plan and the related excess plans, LTD and
accidental death and dismemberment and business travel and accident insurance)
will terminate upon the termination of your employment except to the extent
otherwise expressly provided in such plans or programs and subject to any vested
rights you may have under the terms of such plans or programs. The foregoing
will not apply to the LTMIP and, after the termination of your employment, your
rights under the LTMIP will be governed by the terms of the LTMIP option
agreements and the applicable LTMIP plans together with Paragraph 8(c)(vii).

            (e)   Resignation from Official Positions. If your employment with
                  -----------------------------------
Blockbuster terminates for any reason, you will be deemed to have resigned at
that time from any and all officer or director positions that you may have held
with Blockbuster or any of its then-current or previously affiliated companies
and all board seats or other positions in other entities you held on behalf of
Blockbuster. If, for any reason, this Paragraph 8(e) is deemed insufficient to
effectuate such resignation, you agree to execute, upon the request of
Blockbuster, any documents or instruments which Blockbuster may deem necessary
or desirable to effectuate such resignation or resignations, and you hereby
authorize the Secretary and any Assistant Secretary of Blockbuster to execute
any such documents or instruments as your attorney-in-fact.




Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 7


      9.    Death. In the event of your death prior to the end of the Term while
            -----
actively employed, your beneficiary or estate will receive (i) your Salary up to
the date on which the death occurs; (ii) any Bonus earned in the prior year but
not yet paid; and (iii) bonus compensation for the calendar year in which the
death occurs, determined in accordance with the STIP (i.e., based upon
                                                      ---
Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals and Blockbuster's good faith
estimate of your achievement of your personal goals, if applicable) and
pro-rated for the portion of the year through the date of death, payable, less
applicable deductions and withholding taxes, by the end of first quarter of the
following year. In the event of your death after the termination of your
employment while you are entitled to receive compensation under Paragraph
8(c)(i) your beneficiary or estate will receive (x) any Salary payable under
Paragraph 8(c)(i) up to the date on which the death occurs; (y) any bonus
compensation earned under Paragraph 8(c)(ii) with respect to the prior year but
not yet paid; and (z) any bonus compensation for the calendar year in which the
death occurs, determined in accordance with Paragraph 8(c)(ii) and pro-rated for
the portion of the year through the date of death, payable, less applicable
deductions and withholding taxes, by the end of the first quarter of the
following year. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the
Term will terminate as of the date of your death.

      10.   No Acceptance of Payments. You represent that you have not accepted
            -------------------------
or given nor will you accept or give, directly or indirectly, any money,
services or other valuable consideration from or to anyone other than
Blockbuster for the inclusion of any matter as part of any film, television
program or other production produced, distributed and/or developed by
Blockbuster and/or any of its affiliated companies.

      11.   Equal Opportunity Employer. You recognize that Blockbuster is an
            --------------------------
equal opportunity employer. You agree that you will comply with Blockbuster
policies regarding employment practices and with applicable federal, state and
local laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex,
religion, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, sexual orientation,
disability or veteran status.

      12.   Employee Statement of Business Conduct. You acknowledge you have
            --------------------------------------
read and agree that you will comply with the Blockbuster Employee Statement of
Business Conduct as it may be amended from time to time.

      13.   Notices. All notices under this Agreement must be given in writing,
            -------
by personal delivery or by mail, at the parties' respective addresses shown on
this Agreement (or any other address designated in writing by either party),
with a copy, in the case of Blockbuster, to the attention of the General Counsel
of Blockbuster. Any notice given by mail will be deemed to have been given three
(3) days following such mailing.

      14.   Assignment. This is an Agreement for the performance of personal
            ----------
services by you and may not be assigned by you or Blockbuster except that
Blockbuster may assign this Agreement to any affiliated company of or any
successor in interest to Blockbuster.

      15.   TEXAS LAW AND JURISDICTION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS
            --------------------------
BEEN EXECUTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN TEXAS, AND YOUR EMPLOYMENT DUTIES ARE
PRIMARILY PERFORMED IN TEXAS. ACCORDINGLY, YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL
MATTERS OR ISSUES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR BLOCKBUSTER EMPLOYMENT WILL
BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS ENTERED
INTO AND PERFORMED ENTIRELY THEREIN. ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE THIS AGREEMENT WILL
BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE CITY OF DALLAS.

      16.   No Implied Contract. The parties intend to be bound only upon
            -------------------
execution of a written agreement and no negotiation, exchange of draft or
partial performance will be deemed to imply an agreement. Neither the
continuation of employment nor any other conduct will be deemed to imply a
continuing agreement upon the expiration of the Term.




Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 8



      17.   Entire Understanding. This Agreement contains the entire
            --------------------
understanding of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter contained in
this Agreement, and can be changed only by a writing signed by both parties.

      18.   Void Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement, as applied to
            ---------------
either party or to any circumstances, will be found by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be unenforceable but would be enforceable if some part were
deleted or the period or area of application were reduced, then such provision
will apply with the modification necessary to make it enforceable, and will in
no way affect any other provision of this Agreement or the validity or
enforceability of this Agreement.

      19.   Effect of Viacom Agreement. If the terms of your employment are
            --------------------------
currently governed by an agreement entered into between you and Blockbuster
Entertainment Group, a business unit of Viacom Inc. ("Viacom") ("Viacom
Agreement"), the Viacom Agreement, along with the applicable Viacom stock option
agreement(s), will continue to govern your rights with respect to stock options
granted to you under Viacom's 1994 and 1997 Long Term Management Incentive Plans
and any successor or other plans until such time as Viacom distributes all or
substantially all of its shares of Blockbuster common stock to stockholders of
Viacom (a "Split-Off"). In addition to any rights set forth in the applicable
Viacom stock option agreement(s), Viacom has indicated to Blockbuster that, in
the event of a Split-Off, any options to purchase Viacom common stock ("Viacom
Stock Options") that are held by you (i) that are exercisable at the date you
cease to be a Viacom employee as a result of the Split-Off (the "Termination
Date") and (ii) to the extent the terms of your employment are subject to a
Viacom Agreement, that would have become exercisable during the employment term
of the Viacom Agreement will remain outstanding and will be exercisable by you
for a period of six (6) months after the Termination Date or, if earlier, the
expiration date of the stock options. By executing this Agreement, you hereby
acknowledge and agree that, in the event of the foregoing, your only remaining
right with respect to the Viacom Agreement will be your right to exercise your
Viacom Stock Options and Viacom will be released from any and all other
obligations and liabilities under the Viacom Agreement.

      20.   Supersedes Prior Agreement. Subject to Paragraph 19, this Agreement
            --------------------------
supersedes and cancels all prior agreements relating to your employment by
Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies with respect to the period
covered by the Term.




Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 9


      If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please sign, date
and return all three (3) copies of this Agreement to the undersigned for
execution on behalf of Blockbuster; after this Agreement has been executed by
Blockbuster and a fully-executed copy returned to you, it will constitute a
binding agreement between us.

                                       Very truly yours,

                                       BLOCKBUSTER INC.




                                       By:    /s/ Larry J. Zine
                                              ----------------------------
                                              Larry J. Zine
                                              Executive Vice President and
                                              Chief Financial Officer



ACCEPTED AND AGREED:



/s/ Edward B. Stead
-----------------------------
Edward B. Stead

Date:     10/19/00
     ------------------------



Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 10


                      General Release and Waiver of Claims
                      ------------------------------------

      a.    Release of Claims. As consideration by you, you agree on behalf of
            -----------------
yourself, successors and assigns, to release and forever discharge Blockbuster
and its subsidiaries, parent and affiliated companies, employees, officers and
directors, and their respective assigns, from any and all manner of claims,
debts, demands, damages, liabilities and causes of action, whether known or
unknown, from the beginning of time, which you, or your successors and assigns,
may have had or may presently have, relating to or arising out of the employment
relationship or the termination of said relationship including, but not limited
to, causes of action for libel, slander, breach of contract, impairment of
economic opportunity, intentional infliction of emotional distress or any other
tort, or claims under federal, state, or local constitutions, statutes,
regulations, ordinances or common law, including, but not limited to, the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Civil Rights Acts of 1866,
1871, 1964 and 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended by the
Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973;
the Equal Pay Act of 1963; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; and, the
Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993.

      b.    Post-Release Claims. You do not waive any rights or claims that may
            -------------------
            arise after the date this Release is executed.

      c.    No Admission. Nothing contained in this Release constitutes an
            ------------
admission of liability by Blockbuster concerning any aspect of your employment
with or separation from Blockbuster.

      d.    Confidentiality. You acknowledge that, during the course of the
            ---------------
employment relationship, you were privy to confidential and proprietary business
information belonging to Blockbuster, the unauthorized disclosure of which could
cause serious and irreparable injury to Blockbuster and its affiliates. The
information includes, but is not limited to, information concerning existing and
prospective expansion plans; existing and potential financing sources and
arrangements; existing and prospective marketing plans and activities;
proprietary computer software programs and applications; business plans and
strategies and other non-public information. You agree to hold and safeguard the
confidential information in trust for Blockbuster, its successors and assigns,
and agree that you will not, at any time, misappropriate, use for your own
advantage, disclose or otherwise make available to anyone who is not an officer
of Blockbuster, for any reason, any of the confidential information, regardless
of whether the confidential information was developed or prepared by you or
others. You agree not to remove any writings containing confidential information
from Blockbuster's premises or possession without Blockbuster's express consent.
You agree to promptly return to Blockbuster all confidential information in your
possession or under your control (whether in original, copy, or disk form).
Before disclosing any confidential information under compulsion of legal
process, you agree to promptly give notice to Blockbuster of the fact that you
have been served with legal process pursuant to which the disclosure of
confidential information may be requested. Such notice will be given within
sufficient time to permit Blockbuster to intervene in the matter or to take such
other actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect its interest in its
confidential business information. The scope of this Release is not limited to
information that is patented, patentable, copyrighted or technically
classifiable as a trade secret. These restrictions will not apply to
confidential information which is or becomes generally available to the public
other than as a result of a disclosure by you or any other person who directly
or indirectly receives such information from you, or is or becomes available to
you on a non-confidential basis from a source which is entitled to disclose it
to you.

      e.    Cooperation. Subject to reimbursement by Blockbuster of reasonable
            -----------
out-of-pocket costs and expenses, you agree to cooperate fully with Blockbuster
and its counsel with respect to any matter (including litigation, investigation
or governmental proceeding) which relates to matters with which you were
involved during the term of your employment with Blockbuster. Such cooperation
will include appearing from time to time at the offices of Blockbuster or
Blockbuster's counsel for conferences and interviews and in general providing
the officers of Blockbuster and its counsel with the full benefit of your
knowledge with respect to any such matter. You agree to render such cooperation
in a timely fashion and at such times as may be mutually agreeable to the
parties concerned.




Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 11


      f.    Litigation. You agree that, during the pendency of any litigation or
            ----------
other proceeding, and anytime thereafter, (x) you will not communicate with
anyone (other than your attorneys and tax advisors) with respect to the facts or
subject matter of any pending or potential litigation, or regulatory or
administrative proceeding involving Blockbuster or any of its officers,
directors, agents, employees, suppliers or customers, other than any litigation
or other proceeding in which you are a party-in-opposition, without giving prior
notice to Blockbuster's General Counsel, and (y) in the event that any other
party attempts to obtain information or documents from you with respect to
matters possibly related to such litigation or other proceeding, you will
promptly so notify Blockbuster's General Counsel.

      g.    Confidentiality of Release. This Release and the terms hereof are
            --------------------------
confidential. You agree not to disclose this Release or its provisions to any
person except to your attorney or tax advisor.

      h.    Rights upon Breach. For breach of any provision of this Release, the
            ------------------
parties will have such remedies and rights as are customarily available at law
or in equity, except that, in any action or proceeding brought to enforce this
Release or to recover damages for its breach, the prevailing party will be
entitled to recover, should it substantially prevail in the matter, reasonable
attorneys' fees and litigation expenses. In the event you, or any party acting
on your behalf, breach this Release, Blockbuster's obligations imposed herein
will be extinguished and Blockbuster will not be obligated to continue
performance under this Release. In such a case, you will be required to re-pay
Blockbuster all consideration received pursuant to this Release and this Release
will act as a complete and total bar to any recovery.

      i.    Injunctive Relief. The legal remedies for the breach of this Release
            -----------------
would not be adequate and, in addition to any other remedies available at law,
these provisions may be specifically enforced by temporary or permanent
injunctive or other equitable relief.

      j.    Texas Law and Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
            --------------------------
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, IRRESPECTIVE OF THE
CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES. FURTHERMORE, BECAUSE YOU AND BLOCKBUSTER AGREE THAT THE
TEXAS COURTS ARE THE EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR RESOLVING ANY DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR EMPLOYMENT, THE PARTIES SUBMIT THEMSELVES TO THE PERSONAL
JURISDICTION OF THE TEXAS COURTS.

      k.    Advice of Counsel. You are herein advised to discuss this Release
            -----------------
with an attorney of your choice before signing it.

      l.    No Parol Evidence. This Release represents the full understanding
            -----------------
between you and Blockbuster, and no parol evidence will be relevant to
supplement or explain this Release.

      m.    Void Provisions. Should any provision of this Release be found
            ---------------
unenforceable, the remainder of the Release, in its modified form, will
nonetheless be fully enforceable.

      n.    Headings. The headings of the sections are included solely for
            --------
convenience. If the headings and the text of the Release conflict, the text
shall control. All references to sections are to the Release unless otherwise
indicated.

      o.    Review and Revocation. You acknowledge that you have been given at
            ---------------------
least twenty-one (21) days to review and consider this Release, and may revoke
acceptance within seven (7) days of the execution of this Release. This Release
will become effective and enforceable immediately upon the expiration of the
revocation period.




































FindLaw Career Center


Select a Job Title



Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



            Post a Job  |  Careers Home 



View More






















































Contracts - FindLaw






























 FindLaw For Legal Professionals 

Not a Legal Professional? Visit our consumer site  

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.





Menu
Search



Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology










Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference

























FindLaw
 Corporate Counsel

Contracts


Browse Contracts by Company Name
Trying to draft a contract and not sure where to begin? Have you been sent a contract and you want to compare it to something similar? The Sample Contracts section of FindLaw’s Corporate Counsel Center can help. FindLaw provides free access to a large archive of sample contracts from public companies that cover a variety of practice areas. You can search by type, such as compensation, finance, business formation, intellectual property licenses, business planning, business operations, corporate, or securities. You can also search by industry, such as consumer products, drugs and biotech, real estate, or technology, to name just a few. Get started below by searching by company name. Let FindLaw’s Sample Contracts help you find the right solution!



Apple Computer Inc.


AT&T Corp.


Raytheon Co.


Exxon Mobil Corp.


H&R Block Inc.


Microsoft Corp.


WebMD Corp.


Coca-Cola Co.


View more »





Browse Contracts by Type
In this section, you will find numerous contracts grouped by contract type. For instance, if you need sample forms or contracts related to compensation, business operations or even mergers, FindLaw has the information. In this section, you will find numerous templates organized in a user-friendly format. Click the links below to browse our extensive collection and to learn more about the right form for you.



Compensation


Employment


Stock Options


Severance


Finance


Credit


Loans


Warrants


Business Formation


Bylaws


Incorp.


LLCs


Intellectual Property Licences


Business Planning


Mergers


Spin-offs


Stock Purchase


Business Operations


Real Estate


Sales


Services


Corporate


Governance


Indemnification


Nondisclosure


Securities


Shareholder Agreements


Registration Rights





Browse Contracts by Industry

Below, are some of the most commonly used business forms and contracts, organized by industry. You'll find contracts for sales, employment, leases, and other business contracts such as a franchise agreement or stock purchase agreement. Click the links to browse our extensive collection and to learn more about the right form for your business needs.



Consumer Products


Personal Care


Furniture


Toys


Drugs & Biotech


Biotech


Pharmaceuticals


Energy


Exploration


Services


Refining


Financial Services


Banks


Credit Agencies


Securities


Food and Beverages


Beverages


Diversified Foods


Meat Products


Health Care


Health Plans


Devices


Services


Insurance


Accident and Health


Life


Property


Manufacturing


Conglomerates


Industrial


Paper


Media


Books


Newspapers


Radio and TV


Real Estate


Agents


REITs


Operators


Retail


Electronics


Food


Books


Services


Advertising


Legal


Consulting


Technology


Hardware


Software


Semiconductors


Telecommunications


Comm. Equipment


Telephone Services


Transportation


Autos


Railroads


Airlines


Travel and Entertainment


Recreation


Lodging


Utilities


Electric


Gas


Sanitary


More Industries


Construction


Materials


Aerospace





Sample Contracts by Company Name
Below, you'll find a large collection of industry-standard real-life examples of business forms and contracts for a wide variety of topics, alphabetically arranged by company name. Click on a letter or number below to find sample contracts from an extensive range of companies.




1
2
3
4
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


























FindLaw Career Center


Select a Job Title



Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



            Post a Job  |  Careers Home 



View More






















































Compensation - FindLaw






























 FindLaw For Legal Professionals 

Not a Legal Professional? Visit our consumer site  

Register | Login
Welcome.Edit Your Profile | Log Out
Javascript is disabled. Please enable Javascript to log in.





Menu
Search



Cases & Codes
Practice Management
Jobs & Careers
Newsletters
Blogs
Law Technology










Forms
Lawyer Marketing
Corporate Counsel
Law Students
JusticeMail
Reference

























FindLaw
 Corporate Counsel

 Contracts

Compensation 


Compensation Business Contracts



Search Corporate Counsel Center




        Enter keyword:
        










Benefit Plans (44)


Consulting Agreements (84)


Deferred Compensation Plans (114)


Director Stock Plans (78)


Employee Stock Plans (305)


Employment Agreements (1393)


Incentive Plans (288)


Labor Agreements (3)


Management Stock Plans (17)


Noncompetition Agreements (25)


Retirement Plans (101)


Severance Agreements (269)


























FindLaw Career Center


Select a Job Title



Attorney
Corporate Counsel
Academic
Judicial Clerk
Summer Associate
Intern
Law Librarian
Paralegal
Legal Secretary
Law Enforcement
District Attorney
Legal Investigator
Compliance Officer
Investment Banker
Business Development



            Post a Job  |  Careers Home 



View More









































Insider Trading - Stead Edward B - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Stead Edward B





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-31Option Award
2017-01-051:34 pm
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
1,620
$0
12,804(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-0310:44 am
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKW
Stead Edward BDirector
1,710
$0
11,184(Direct)
View


2016-07-08Option Award
2016-07-124:31 pm
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKW
Stead Edward BDirector
1,635
$0
9,474(Direct)
View


2016-04-01Option Award
2016-04-0512:28 pm
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
1,675
$0
7,839(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-0508:58 am
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
1,534
$0
6,164(Direct)
View


2015-09-30Option Award
2015-10-024:38 pm
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
12,328
$0
46,309(Direct)
View


2015-06-30Option Award
2015-07-022:13 pm
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
11,242
$0
33,981(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-07-0111:40 am
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
11,519
$0
22,739(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-04-0207:47 am
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
11,519
$0
22,739(Direct)
View


2015-03-31Option Award
2015-04-0207:47 am
N/AN/A
Swk Holdings Corp
SWKH
Stead Edward BDirector
11,519
$0
22,739(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 19:53:55 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Edward B. Stead - Sample Contracts and Business Forms 
















Home
Sample Business Contracts

Blockbuster Inc. Contracts









printer-friendly
Sample Business Contracts
Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Edward B. Stead



Employment Forms


Employment Agreement. Employers can customize an employment agreement that states the salary, benefits, working hours and other important provisions for their new or existing employee.
Consulting Agreement. Answer simple questions to build a contract with a consultant. Specify the services rendered, when payment is due, as well as IP rights.
Commission Agreement. Employers who compensate their sales employees based on commissions can prepare an agreement to reduce misunderstandings by specifying the base salary and how commissions are calculated.
Executive Employment Agreement. Companies may offer their business executives a contract that is different from the one provided to their regular employees. Executive employment agreements may be more complex because the compensation structure may include a combination of salary and commissions, provide for bonuses based on sales, stock or other financial targets, and include non-compete, confidentiality and severance provisions.
Sales Representative Contract. Independent sales representatives offer companies the potential to increase the sale of products or services without the burden of increasing headcount. Both parties should understand how commissions are calculated, when commissions will be paid, as well as how the representative will treat confidential information from the company and whether the representative may also sell a competing line of products or services.
More Employment Agreements








Sponsored Links






                                                                October 13, 2000



Edward B. Stead
3704 Stratford
Dallas, TX  75205

Dear Ed:

            Blockbuster Inc. ("Blockbuster"), 1201 Elm Street, Dallas, Texas
75270, agrees to employ you and you agree to accept employment with Blockbuster
upon the following terms and conditions (the "Agreement"):

            1.    Term. The term of this Agreement shall commence on November
                  ----
23, 1999 and end on March 1, 2000, and will be automatically renewed on March 1
of each year for a term of three (3) years commencing on the date of automatic
renewal, unless terminated by Blockbuster pursuant to Paragraph 8(a) or (b) or
otherwise. As used in this Agreement, the "Term" refers to the period beginning
on the initial commencement date of this Agreement and ending on the following
March 1st or, if the term of your employment has been automatically renewed
pursuant to this Paragraph 1, the period beginning on the date of automatic
renewal and ending on the third anniversary of the date of automatic renewal,
notwithstanding any earlier termination pursuant to Paragraph 8(a) or (b) or
otherwise.

            2.    Duties. You agree to devote your entire business time,
                  ------
attention and energies to the business of Blockbuster and its subsidiaries
during your employment. You will be Executive Vice President and General Counsel
of Blockbuster, and you agree to perform all duties reasonable and consistent
with that or such comparable office as the Chief Executive Officer (the "CEO")
of Blockbuster or other individual designated by the CEO of Blockbuster may
assign to you from time to time.

            3.    Compensation.
                  ------------

                  (a)   Salary. For all the services rendered by you in any
                        ------
capacity under this Agreement, Blockbuster agrees to pay you Thirty-one thousand
two hundred fifty Dollars ($31,250) a month in base salary ("Salary"), less
applicable deductions and withholding taxes, in accordance with Blockbuster's
payroll practices as they may exist from time to time.

                  (b)   Bonus Compensation. You also will receive bonus
                        ------------------
compensation ("Bonus") in accordance with Blockbuster's Short-Term Incentive
Plan or, if applicable, Blockbuster's Senior Executive Short-Term Incentive
Plan, each as may be amended from time to time (either of such plans, as
applicable, to be hereinafter referred to as the "STIP") and as follows:

                  (i)   Your target bonus ("Target Bonus") for each calendar
                        year will be 50% of your Salary on November 1st of the
                        calendar year; provided that, for any years in which
                        you are a participant in Blockbuster's Senior Executive
                        Short-Term Incentive Plan, for purposes of this Section
                        3(b)(i), your Target Bonus will be based on your Salary
                        as defined in such plan. Your Bonus may be prorated for
                        any portion of the calendar year that you were employed
                        under this Agreement.

<PAGE>


Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 2

                  (ii)  Your Bonus for any calendar year will be payable, less
                        applicable deductions and withholding taxes, by the end
                        of the first quarter of the following year.

            4.    Benefits. You will participate in such vacation, medical,
                  --------
dental, life insurance, long-term disability insurance, 401(k), long-term
incentive and other plans as Blockbuster may have or establish from time to time
and in which you would be entitled to participate under the terms of the plan.
This provision, however, will not be construed to either require Blockbuster to
establish any welfare, compensation or long-term incentive plans, or to prevent
the modification or termination of any plan once established, and no action or
inaction with respect to any plan will affect this Agreement.

            5.    Business Expenses; Car Allowance and Insurance. During your
                  ----------------------------------------------
employment under this Agreement, Blockbuster will reimburse you for such
reasonable travel and other expenses incurred in the performance of your duties
consistent with Blockbuster's then applicable expense reimbursement policies for
Blockbuster executives at comparable position levels. You will receive a car
allowance and car insurance for one (1) vehicle in accordance with Blockbuster's
policies, as same may be amended from time to time.

            6.    Non-Competition, Confidential Information, Etc.
                  ----------------------------------------------

                  (a)   Non-Competition. You agree that your employment with
                        ---------------
Blockbuster is on an exclusive basis and that, while you are employed by
Blockbuster, you will not engage in any other business activity which is in
conflict with your duties and obligations (including your commitment of time)
under this Agreement. You agree that, during the Non-Compete Period (as defined
below), you will not directly or indirectly engage in or participate as an
owner, partner, stockholder, officer, employee, director, agent of or consultant
for any Blockbuster Competitor (as defined below) and will perform no services
for a Blockbuster Competitor similar to any services performed for Blockbuster;
provided, however, that this provision will not prevent you from investing as
--------  -------
less than a one (1%) percent stockholder in the securities of any company listed
on a national securities exchange or quoted on an automated quotation system.
The Non-Compete Period will cover the entire Term plus any period after the Term
for which you receive payments pursuant to Paragraph 8(c)(i). A Blockbuster
Competitor is any business entity which engages in the acquisition, aggregation,
or delivery of audio or video entertainment , including but not limited to the
rental or sale of video, DVD, or other movie product, equipment, or video games,
either (i) in electronic, digital, or internet commerce, or (ii) in one or more
geographic areas where Blockbuster has its operations (or is engaged in real
estate site selection or has taken other steps toward the commencement of
operations), either alone or in association with another entity. In every case,
the good faith judgment of Blockbuster will be conclusive as to whether a
business entity constitutes a Blockbuster Competitor. You agree that this
non-compete covenant is ancillary to an otherwise enforceable agreement,
including but not limited to the confidentiality covenant and the payment
provisions in Paragraph 3.

                  (b)   Confidential Information. You agree that, during the
                        ------------------------
Term and at any time thereafter, (i) you will not (a) use for any purpose other
than the duly authorized business of Blockbuster conducted in the course of your
employment at Blockbuster or, (b) disclose to any third party, any business
information, technological information, intellectual property, trade secrets and
other information belonging to Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies or
relating to Blockbuster's business, technology, or customers ("Confidential
Information"), including, without limitation, any written (including in any
electronic form) or oral communication incorporating Confidential Information in
any way; and (ii) you will comply with any and all confidentiality obligations
of Blockbuster to a third party, whether arising under a written agreement or
otherwise. Information will not be deemed Confidential Information which (x) is
or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of a
disclosure by you or at your direction or by any other person who directly or
indirectly receives such information from you, or (y) is or becomes available to
you on a non-confidential basis from a source which is entitled to disclose it
to you.

                  (c)   No Employee Solicitation. You agree that, during the
                        ------------------------
Term and for one (1) year thereafter, you will not, directly or indirectly,
engage, employ or solicit the employment or consulting

<PAGE>

Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 3

services of any person who is then or has been within six (6) months prior to
the time of such action, an employee of Blockbuster or any of its affiliated
companies.

          (d)  Blockbuster Ownership. Any inventions, discoveries, ideas,
               ---------------------
processes, programs, systems, improvements or contributions (whether or not
patentable), including but not limited to any useful process, method, formula
or, technique that is conceived, developed or discovered by you during your
employment by Blockbuster shall be the sole property of Blockbuster. Any works
of authorship or other materials created by you, in any form (including in any
electronic form), created by you in the course of employment with Blockbuster
and/or any of its affiliated companies and any works in progress resulting from
such employment will be works-made-for hire pursuant to 17 U.S.C., Section 201
(the Copyright Act) and Blockbuster will be deemed the sole owner throughout the
universe of any and all rights of every nature in and to such works (including,
without limitation, any copyrights, patents, trade secrets and trademarks),
whether such rights are now known or hereafter defined or discovered, with the
right to use the works in perpetuity in any manner Blockbuster determines in its
sole discretion without any further payment to you. If, for any reason, any of
such results and proceeds are not legally deemed a work-made-for-hire and/or
there are any rights in such results and proceeds which do not accrue to
Blockbuster under the preceding sentence, then you hereby irrevocably assign and
agree to assign any and all of your rights, title and interest thereto,
including, without limitation, any and all copyrights, patents, trade secrets,
trademarks, and/or other rights of every nature in the work, whether known or
hereafter defined or discovered, and Blockbuster will have the right to use the
work in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner Blockbuster determines
in its sole discretion without any further payment to you. You will, as may be
requested by Blockbuster from time to time, do any and all things which
Blockbuster may deem useful or desirable to establish or document Blockbuster's
rights in any such results and proceeds, including, without limitation, the
execution of appropriate copyright, trademark and/or patent applications,
assignments or similar documents and, if you are unavailable or unwilling to
execute such documents, you hereby irrevocably designate the CEO or his designee
as your attorney-in-fact with the power to execute such documents on your
behalf. To the extent you have any rights in the results and proceeds of your
services under this Agreement that cannot be assigned as described above, you
unconditionally and irrevocably waive the enforcement of such rights. This
Paragraph 6(d) is subject to, and does not limit, restrict, or constitute a
waiver by Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies of any ownership rights
to which Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies may be entitled by
operation of law by virtue of being your employer.

          (e)  Litigation. You agree that, during the Term and the pendancy of
               ----------
any litigation or other proceeding, and at any time thereafter, (i) you will not
communicate with anyone (other than your own attorneys or tax advisors), except
to the extent necessary in the performance of your duties under this Agreement,
with respect to the facts or subject matter of any pending or potential
litigation, or regulatory or administrative proceeding involving Blockbuster or
any of Blockbuster's affiliated companies, other than any litigation or other
proceeding in which you are a party-in-opposition, without giving prior notice
to Blockbuster or Blockbuster's counsel; and (ii) in the event that any other
party attempts to obtain information or documents from you with respect to
matters possibly related to such litigation or other proceeding, you will
promptly notify Blockbuster's counsel before providing such information or
documents.

          (f)  No Right to Give Interviews, Write Books, or Articles. During the
               -----------------------------------------------------
Term and at any time thereafter, except as authorized by Blockbuster, you will
not (i) give any interviews or speeches, or (ii) prepare or assist any person or
entity in the preparation of any books, articles, television or motion picture
productions or other creations, in either case, concerning Blockbuster or any of
its affiliated companies or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees, suppliers or customers.

          (g)  Return of Property. All documents, data, recordings, or other
               ------------------
property, whether tangible or intangible, including all information stored in
electronic form, obtained or prepared by or for you and utilized by you in the
course of your employment with Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies,
will remain the exclusive property of Blockbuster. In the event of the
termination of your

<PAGE>

Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 4

employment for any reason, Blockbuster reserves the right, to the extent
permitted by law and in addition to any other remedy Blockbuster may have, to
deduct from any monies otherwise payable to you the following: (i) all amounts
you may owe to Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies at the time of or
subsequent to the termination of your employment with Blockbuster, and (ii) the
value of the Blockbuster property which you retain in your possession after the
termination of your employment with Blockbuster. In the event that the law of
any state or other jurisdiction requires the consent of any employee for such
deductions, this Agreement will serve as such consent.

          (h)  Non-Disparagement. You agree that, during the Term and at any
               -----------------
time thereafter, you will not, in any communications with the press or other
media or any customer, client or supplier of Blockbuster or any of its
affiliated companies, criticize, ridicule or make any statement which disparages
or is derogatory of Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies or any of
their respective directors or officers.

          (i)  Injunctive Relief. Blockbuster has entered into this Agreement in
               -----------------
order to obtain the benefit of your unique skills, talent, and experience. You
acknowledge and agree that any violation of paragraphs 6(a) through (h) of this
Agreement will result in irreparable damage to Blockbuster, and, accordingly,
Blockbuster shall be entitled to obtain injunctive and other equitable relief
for any breach or threatened breach of such paragraphs, in addition to any other
remedies available to Blockbuster.

          (j)  Survival; Modification of Terms. Your obligations under Paragraph
               -------------------------------
6(a) through (i) will remain in full force and effect for the entire period
provided therein notwithstanding the termination of your employment for any
reason or the expiration of the Term. You and Blockbuster agree that the
restrictions and remedies contained in paragraphs 6(a) through (i) are
reasonable and that it is your intention and the intention of Blockbuster that
such restrictions and remedies will be enforceable to the fullest extent
permissible by law. If a court of competent jurisdiction will find that any such
restriction or remedy is unenforceable but would be enforceable if some part
were deleted or the period or area of application reduced, then such restriction
or remedy will apply with the modification necessary to make it enforceable.

     7.   Disability. If you become "disabled" within the meaning of such term
          ----------
under Blockbuster's Short-Term Disability ("STD") program and its Long-Term
Disability ("LTD") program during the Term (such condition is referred to as a
"Disability"), you will receive compensation under the STD program for the first
twenty-six (26) weeks of consecutive absence in accordance with its terms.
Thereafter, you will be eligible to receive benefits under the LTD program in
accordance with its terms. If you have not returned to work by December 31st of
a calendar year during the Term, you will receive bonus compensation for the
calendar year(s) during the Term in which you receive compensation under the STD
program, determined as follows:

          (i)  for the portion of the calendar year from January 1st until the
               date on which you first receive compensation under the STD
               program, bonus compensation will be determined in accordance with
               the STIP (i.e., based upon Blockbuster's achievement of specified
                         ---
               goals and Blockbuster's good faith estimate of your achievement
               of your personal goals, if applicable) and prorated for such
               period; and

          (ii) for any subsequent portion of the calendar year and any portion
               of the following calendar year in which you receive compensation
               under the STD program, bonus compensation will be in an amount
               based on Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals and
               prorated for such period(s).

Bonus compensation under this Paragraph 7 will be paid, less applicable
deductions and withholding taxes, by the end of the first quarter of the year(s)
following the year as to which such bonus compensation is payable. You will not
receive bonus compensation for any portion of the calendar

<PAGE>

Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 5

year(s) during the Term while you receive benefits under the LTD program. For
the periods that you receive compensation and benefits under the STD and LTD
programs, such compensation and benefits and the bonus compensation provided
under this Paragraph 7 are in lieu of Salary and Bonus under paragraphs 3(a) and
(b). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Term will
not automatically extend in the event you are receiving benefits under the STD
or LTD programs.

     8.   Termination.
          -----------

          (a)   Termination for Cause. Blockbuster may, at its option, terminate
                ---------------------
your employment under this Agreement forthwith for Cause and thereafter will
have no further obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation,
any obligation to pay Salary or Bonus or provide benefits. Cause will mean: (i)
dishonesty; (ii) embezzlement, fraud, or other conduct which would constitute a
felony; (iii) unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information; (iv) your
failure to obey a material lawful directive that is appropriate to your position
from an executive(s) in your reporting line; (v) your material breach of this
Agreement; or (vi) your failure (except in the event of your disability) or
refusal to substantially perform your material obligations under this Agreement.

          (b)   Termination Without Cause. Blockbuster may terminate your
                -------------------------
employment under this Agreement without Cause at any time during the Term by
written notice to you.

          (c)   Termination Payments/Benefits. If your employment terminates
                -----------------------------
under Paragraph 8(b), you will thereafter receive, less applicable withholding
taxes, and conditioned on your execution of a General Release and Waiver of
Claims substantially in the form attached hereto as an Addendum:

          (i)   your Salary, as in effect on the date on which your employment
                terminates, for thirty-six (36) months after the date of such
                termination, paid in accordance with Blockbuster's then
                effective payroll practices;

          (ii)  bonus compensation for the calendar year in which such
                termination occurs, payable by the end of the first quarter of
                the following year, determined as follows:

                (x) for the portion of the calendar year from January 1st until
                    the date of the termination, bonus compensation will be
                    determined in accordance with the STIP (i.e., based on
                                                            ---
                    Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals and
                    Blockbuster's good faith estimate of your achievement of
                    your personal goals, if applicable) and prorated for such
                    period; and

                (y) for the remaining portion of such calendar year during the
                    Term, bonus compensation will be in an amount based on
                    Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals, and prorated
                    for such period;

          (iii) bonus compensation for each subsequent calendar year or portion
                thereof during the Term, in an amount based on Blockbuster's
                achievement of specified goals, prorated for any partial
                calendar year, and payable by the end of the first quarter of
                the following year;

          (iv)  medical and dental insurance coverage provided under COBRA at no
                cost to you (except as hereafter described) pursuant to
                Blockbuster's then-current benefit plans until the end of the
                Term or, if earlier, the date on which you become eligible for
                medical and dental coverage from a third party; provided, that,
                                                                --------  ----
                during the period that Blockbuster provides you with this
                coverage, an amount equal to the applicable COBRA premiums (or
                such other amount as may be required by law) will be included in
                your income for tax purposes to the extent required by law

<PAGE>

Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 6

                  and Blockbuster may withhold taxes from your compensation for
                  this purpose; and provided, further, that you may elect to
                                    --------  -------
                  continue your medical and dental insurance under COBRA at your
                  own expense for the balance, if any, of the period required by
                  law;

            (v)   your car allowance until the end of the Term, paid in
                  accordance with Blockbuster's then effective payroll
                  practices;

            (vi)  life insurance coverage until the end of the Term, pursuant to
                  Blockbuster's then-current policy in the amount then furnished
                  to Blockbuster employees at no cost (the amount of such
                  coverage will be reduced by the amount of life insurance
                  coverage furnished to you at no cost by a third party
                  employer); and

            (vii) stock options granted to you under Blockbuster's Long-Term
                  Management Incentive Plan ("LTMIP") which are exercisable on
                  or prior to the date of termination of your employment under
                  Paragraph 8(b) hereof and that would have vested and become
                  exercisable on or before the last date of the Term will be
                  exercisable until six (6) months after the date of such
                  termination or, if earlier, the expiration date of the stock
                  options.

You will be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for in (i),
(ii), (iii) and (v) of this Paragraph 8(c) by seeking other employment, and the
amount of such payments will be reduced by any compensation earned by you from
any source, including, without limitation, salary, sign-on or annual bonus
compensation, consulting fees, commission payments, car allowance and, in the
event you receive significantly more long-term compensation than you received
from Blockbuster, Blockbuster's good faith estimate of the present value of the
portion of such long-term compensation in excess of the long-term compensation
from Blockbuster; provided, that mitigation will not be required, and no
                  --------
reduction for other compensation will be made, for twelve (12) months after the
termination of your employment. You agree to notify Blockbuster with respect to
any such compensation earned by you during the period when such mitigation is
required and to promptly respond to any inquiries from Blockbuster with respect
to such compensation or your efforts to fulfill your mitigation obligations
under this provision.

            (d)   Termination of Benefits. Notwithstanding anything in this
                  -----------------------
Agreement to the contrary (except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 8(c) with
respect to medical and dental benefits and life insurance), participation in all
Blockbuster benefit plans and programs (including, without limitation, vacation
accrual, the 401(k) plan, the pension plan and the related excess plans, LTD and
accidental death and dismemberment and business travel and accident insurance)
will terminate upon the termination of your employment except to the extent
otherwise expressly provided in such plans or programs and subject to any vested
rights you may have under the terms of such plans or programs. The foregoing
will not apply to the LTMIP and, after the termination of your employment, your
rights under the LTMIP will be governed by the terms of the LTMIP option
agreements and the applicable LTMIP plans together with Paragraph 8(c)(vii).

            (e)   Resignation from Official Positions. If your employment with
                  -----------------------------------
Blockbuster terminates for any reason, you will be deemed to have resigned at
that time from any and all officer or director positions that you may have held
with Blockbuster or any of its then-current or previously affiliated companies
and all board seats or other positions in other entities you held on behalf of
Blockbuster. If, for any reason, this Paragraph 8(e) is deemed insufficient to
effectuate such resignation, you agree to execute, upon the request of
Blockbuster, any documents or instruments which Blockbuster may deem necessary
or desirable to effectuate such resignation or resignations, and you hereby
authorize the Secretary and any Assistant Secretary of Blockbuster to execute
any such documents or instruments as your attorney-in-fact.

<PAGE>


Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 7


      9.    Death. In the event of your death prior to the end of the Term while
            -----
actively employed, your beneficiary or estate will receive (i) your Salary up to
the date on which the death occurs; (ii) any Bonus earned in the prior year but
not yet paid; and (iii) bonus compensation for the calendar year in which the
death occurs, determined in accordance with the STIP (i.e., based upon
                                                      ---
Blockbuster's achievement of specified goals and Blockbuster's good faith
estimate of your achievement of your personal goals, if applicable) and
pro-rated for the portion of the year through the date of death, payable, less
applicable deductions and withholding taxes, by the end of first quarter of the
following year. In the event of your death after the termination of your
employment while you are entitled to receive compensation under Paragraph
8(c)(i) your beneficiary or estate will receive (x) any Salary payable under
Paragraph 8(c)(i) up to the date on which the death occurs; (y) any bonus
compensation earned under Paragraph 8(c)(ii) with respect to the prior year but
not yet paid; and (z) any bonus compensation for the calendar year in which the
death occurs, determined in accordance with Paragraph 8(c)(ii) and pro-rated for
the portion of the year through the date of death, payable, less applicable
deductions and withholding taxes, by the end of the first quarter of the
following year. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the
Term will terminate as of the date of your death.

      10.   No Acceptance of Payments. You represent that you have not accepted
            -------------------------
or given nor will you accept or give, directly or indirectly, any money,
services or other valuable consideration from or to anyone other than
Blockbuster for the inclusion of any matter as part of any film, television
program or other production produced, distributed and/or developed by
Blockbuster and/or any of its affiliated companies.

      11.   Equal Opportunity Employer. You recognize that Blockbuster is an
            --------------------------
equal opportunity employer. You agree that you will comply with Blockbuster
policies regarding employment practices and with applicable federal, state and
local laws prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex,
religion, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, sexual orientation,
disability or veteran status.

      12.   Employee Statement of Business Conduct. You acknowledge you have
            --------------------------------------
read and agree that you will comply with the Blockbuster Employee Statement of
Business Conduct as it may be amended from time to time.

      13.   Notices. All notices under this Agreement must be given in writing,
            -------
by personal delivery or by mail, at the parties' respective addresses shown on
this Agreement (or any other address designated in writing by either party),
with a copy, in the case of Blockbuster, to the attention of the General Counsel
of Blockbuster. Any notice given by mail will be deemed to have been given three
(3) days following such mailing.

      14.   Assignment. This is an Agreement for the performance of personal
            ----------
services by you and may not be assigned by you or Blockbuster except that
Blockbuster may assign this Agreement to any affiliated company of or any
successor in interest to Blockbuster.

      15.   TEXAS LAW AND JURISDICTION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS
            --------------------------
BEEN EXECUTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN TEXAS, AND YOUR EMPLOYMENT DUTIES ARE
PRIMARILY PERFORMED IN TEXAS. ACCORDINGLY, YOU AGREE THAT THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL
MATTERS OR ISSUES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR BLOCKBUSTER EMPLOYMENT WILL
BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS ENTERED
INTO AND PERFORMED ENTIRELY THEREIN. ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE THIS AGREEMENT WILL
BE BROUGHT SOLELY IN THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE CITY OF DALLAS.

      16.   No Implied Contract. The parties intend to be bound only upon
            -------------------
execution of a written agreement and no negotiation, exchange of draft or
partial performance will be deemed to imply an agreement. Neither the
continuation of employment nor any other conduct will be deemed to imply a
continuing agreement upon the expiration of the Term.

<PAGE>


Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 8



      17.   Entire Understanding. This Agreement contains the entire
            --------------------
understanding of the parties hereto relating to the subject matter contained in
this Agreement, and can be changed only by a writing signed by both parties.

      18.   Void Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement, as applied to
            ---------------
either party or to any circumstances, will be found by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be unenforceable but would be enforceable if some part were
deleted or the period or area of application were reduced, then such provision
will apply with the modification necessary to make it enforceable, and will in
no way affect any other provision of this Agreement or the validity or
enforceability of this Agreement.

      19.   Effect of Viacom Agreement. If the terms of your employment are
            --------------------------
currently governed by an agreement entered into between you and Blockbuster
Entertainment Group, a business unit of Viacom Inc. ("Viacom") ("Viacom
Agreement"), the Viacom Agreement, along with the applicable Viacom stock option
agreement(s), will continue to govern your rights with respect to stock options
granted to you under Viacom's 1994 and 1997 Long Term Management Incentive Plans
and any successor or other plans until such time as Viacom distributes all or
substantially all of its shares of Blockbuster common stock to stockholders of
Viacom (a "Split-Off"). In addition to any rights set forth in the applicable
Viacom stock option agreement(s), Viacom has indicated to Blockbuster that, in
the event of a Split-Off, any options to purchase Viacom common stock ("Viacom
Stock Options") that are held by you (i) that are exercisable at the date you
cease to be a Viacom employee as a result of the Split-Off (the "Termination
Date") and (ii) to the extent the terms of your employment are subject to a
Viacom Agreement, that would have become exercisable during the employment term
of the Viacom Agreement will remain outstanding and will be exercisable by you
for a period of six (6) months after the Termination Date or, if earlier, the
expiration date of the stock options. By executing this Agreement, you hereby
acknowledge and agree that, in the event of the foregoing, your only remaining
right with respect to the Viacom Agreement will be your right to exercise your
Viacom Stock Options and Viacom will be released from any and all other
obligations and liabilities under the Viacom Agreement.

      20.   Supersedes Prior Agreement. Subject to Paragraph 19, this Agreement
            --------------------------
supersedes and cancels all prior agreements relating to your employment by
Blockbuster or any of its affiliated companies with respect to the period
covered by the Term.

<PAGE>


Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 9


      If the foregoing correctly sets forth our understanding, please sign, date
and return all three (3) copies of this Agreement to the undersigned for
execution on behalf of Blockbuster; after this Agreement has been executed by
Blockbuster and a fully-executed copy returned to you, it will constitute a
binding agreement between us.

                                       Very truly yours,

                                       BLOCKBUSTER INC.




                                       By:    /s/ Larry J. Zine
                                              ----------------------------
                                              Larry J. Zine
                                              Executive Vice President and
                                              Chief Financial Officer



ACCEPTED AND AGREED:



/s/ Edward B. Stead
-----------------------------
Edward B. Stead

Date:     10/19/00
     ------------------------

<PAGE>

Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 10


                      General Release and Waiver of Claims
                      ------------------------------------

      a.    Release of Claims. As consideration by you, you agree on behalf of
            -----------------
yourself, successors and assigns, to release and forever discharge Blockbuster
and its subsidiaries, parent and affiliated companies, employees, officers and
directors, and their respective assigns, from any and all manner of claims,
debts, demands, damages, liabilities and causes of action, whether known or
unknown, from the beginning of time, which you, or your successors and assigns,
may have had or may presently have, relating to or arising out of the employment
relationship or the termination of said relationship including, but not limited
to, causes of action for libel, slander, breach of contract, impairment of
economic opportunity, intentional infliction of emotional distress or any other
tort, or claims under federal, state, or local constitutions, statutes,
regulations, ordinances or common law, including, but not limited to, the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; the Civil Rights Acts of 1866,
1871, 1964 and 1991; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended by the
Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990; the Rehabilitation Act of 1973;
the Equal Pay Act of 1963; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; and, the
Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993.

      b.    Post-Release Claims. You do not waive any rights or claims that may
            -------------------
            arise after the date this Release is executed.

      c.    No Admission. Nothing contained in this Release constitutes an
            ------------
admission of liability by Blockbuster concerning any aspect of your employment
with or separation from Blockbuster.

      d.    Confidentiality. You acknowledge that, during the course of the
            ---------------
employment relationship, you were privy to confidential and proprietary business
information belonging to Blockbuster, the unauthorized disclosure of which could
cause serious and irreparable injury to Blockbuster and its affiliates. The
information includes, but is not limited to, information concerning existing and
prospective expansion plans; existing and potential financing sources and
arrangements; existing and prospective marketing plans and activities;
proprietary computer software programs and applications; business plans and
strategies and other non-public information. You agree to hold and safeguard the
confidential information in trust for Blockbuster, its successors and assigns,
and agree that you will not, at any time, misappropriate, use for your own
advantage, disclose or otherwise make available to anyone who is not an officer
of Blockbuster, for any reason, any of the confidential information, regardless
of whether the confidential information was developed or prepared by you or
others. You agree not to remove any writings containing confidential information
from Blockbuster's premises or possession without Blockbuster's express consent.
You agree to promptly return to Blockbuster all confidential information in your
possession or under your control (whether in original, copy, or disk form).
Before disclosing any confidential information under compulsion of legal
process, you agree to promptly give notice to Blockbuster of the fact that you
have been served with legal process pursuant to which the disclosure of
confidential information may be requested. Such notice will be given within
sufficient time to permit Blockbuster to intervene in the matter or to take such
other actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect its interest in its
confidential business information. The scope of this Release is not limited to
information that is patented, patentable, copyrighted or technically
classifiable as a trade secret. These restrictions will not apply to
confidential information which is or becomes generally available to the public
other than as a result of a disclosure by you or any other person who directly
or indirectly receives such information from you, or is or becomes available to
you on a non-confidential basis from a source which is entitled to disclose it
to you.

      e.    Cooperation. Subject to reimbursement by Blockbuster of reasonable
            -----------
out-of-pocket costs and expenses, you agree to cooperate fully with Blockbuster
and its counsel with respect to any matter (including litigation, investigation
or governmental proceeding) which relates to matters with which you were
involved during the term of your employment with Blockbuster. Such cooperation
will include appearing from time to time at the offices of Blockbuster or
Blockbuster's counsel for conferences and interviews and in general providing
the officers of Blockbuster and its counsel with the full benefit of your
knowledge with respect to any such matter. You agree to render such cooperation
in a timely fashion and at such times as may be mutually agreeable to the
parties concerned.

<PAGE>


Edward B. Stead
October 13, 2000
Page 11


      f.    Litigation. You agree that, during the pendency of any litigation or
            ----------
other proceeding, and anytime thereafter, (x) you will not communicate with
anyone (other than your attorneys and tax advisors) with respect to the facts or
subject matter of any pending or potential litigation, or regulatory or
administrative proceeding involving Blockbuster or any of its officers,
directors, agents, employees, suppliers or customers, other than any litigation
or other proceeding in which you are a party-in-opposition, without giving prior
notice to Blockbuster's General Counsel, and (y) in the event that any other
party attempts to obtain information or documents from you with respect to
matters possibly related to such litigation or other proceeding, you will
promptly so notify Blockbuster's General Counsel.

      g.    Confidentiality of Release. This Release and the terms hereof are
            --------------------------
confidential. You agree not to disclose this Release or its provisions to any
person except to your attorney or tax advisor.

      h.    Rights upon Breach. For breach of any provision of this Release, the
            ------------------
parties will have such remedies and rights as are customarily available at law
or in equity, except that, in any action or proceeding brought to enforce this
Release or to recover damages for its breach, the prevailing party will be
entitled to recover, should it substantially prevail in the matter, reasonable
attorneys' fees and litigation expenses. In the event you, or any party acting
on your behalf, breach this Release, Blockbuster's obligations imposed herein
will be extinguished and Blockbuster will not be obligated to continue
performance under this Release. In such a case, you will be required to re-pay
Blockbuster all consideration received pursuant to this Release and this Release
will act as a complete and total bar to any recovery.

      i.    Injunctive Relief. The legal remedies for the breach of this Release
            -----------------
would not be adequate and, in addition to any other remedies available at law,
these provisions may be specifically enforced by temporary or permanent
injunctive or other equitable relief.

      j.    Texas Law and Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
            --------------------------
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, IRRESPECTIVE OF THE
CONFLICT OF LAWS RULES. FURTHERMORE, BECAUSE YOU AND BLOCKBUSTER AGREE THAT THE
TEXAS COURTS ARE THE EXCLUSIVE FORUM FOR RESOLVING ANY DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR EMPLOYMENT, THE PARTIES SUBMIT THEMSELVES TO THE PERSONAL
JURISDICTION OF THE TEXAS COURTS.

      k.    Advice of Counsel. You are herein advised to discuss this Release
            -----------------
with an attorney of your choice before signing it.

      l.    No Parol Evidence. This Release represents the full understanding
            -----------------
between you and Blockbuster, and no parol evidence will be relevant to
supplement or explain this Release.

      m.    Void Provisions. Should any provision of this Release be found
            ---------------
unenforceable, the remainder of the Release, in its modified form, will
nonetheless be fully enforceable.

      n.    Headings. The headings of the sections are included solely for
            --------
convenience. If the headings and the text of the Release conflict, the text
shall control. All references to sections are to the Release unless otherwise
indicated.

      o.    Review and Revocation. You acknowledge that you have been given at
            ---------------------
least twenty-one (21) days to review and consider this Release, and may revoke
acceptance within seven (7) days of the execution of this Release. This Release
will become effective and enforceable immediately upon the expiration of the
revocation period.









Blockbuster Inc. Contracts - Sample Contracts and Business Forms 















HomeSample Business ContractsBy Company NameBlockbuster Inc. 


 Blockbuster Inc. Contracts 


Popular Free Forms


Loan Agreement
General Contract for Services
Promissory Note
Employment Agreement
Noncompete Agreement








Sponsored Links





 Sample Business Contracts from Blockbuster Inc.  Direct Revenue Sharing Adjustable License Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Universal Studios Home Video (Oct 13, 1998) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Alva J. Phillips Jr. (Jan 1, 1998) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Edward B. Stead (Sep 2, 1997) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Gary Peterson (Jun 1, 1998) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Jim Notarnicola (Jun 1, 1998) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Larry Zine (Apr 1, 1999) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Mark Gilman (May 12, 1997) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Mark T. Gilman (Dec 16, 1996) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Michael K. Roemer (Jun 1, 1998) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Nigel Travis (Jun 1, 1998) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Alva J. Phillips Jr. (Dec 7, 2000) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Alva J. Phillips Jr. (Oct 13, 2000) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Edward B. Stead (Oct 13, 2000) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and James Notarnicola (Oct 13, 2000) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and John F. Antioco (Jun 18, 2004) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and John F. Antioco (Dec 21, 2001) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and John F. Antioco (Jul 15, 1999) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Larry J. Zine (Oct 13, 2000) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Larry Zine (Apr 2, 1999) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Michael K. Roemer (Oct 13, 2000) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Nicholas P. Shepherd (Mar 1, 2003) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Nicholas Shepherd (Oct 10, 2001) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Nigel Travis (Aug 2, 2002) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Nigel Travis (Nov 13, 2000) Employment Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Nigel Travis (Oct 13, 2000) Employment Agreement - Viacom Inc. and John F. Antioco (Jun 16, 2004) Initial Public Offering and Split-Off Agreement - Viacom Inc., Viacom International Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. (Aug 16, 1999) Promotional Services and Customer Database Services and License Agreement - MTV Networks and Blockbuster Inc. (1999) Release and Indemnification Agreement - Viacom Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. (Aug 16, 1999) Retention Agreement - Blockbuster Entertainment Group and Joe Phillips (Jun 22, 1998) Revenue Sharing Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment Inc. (Sep 29, 1998) Revenue Sharing Agreement - Blockbuster Video Inc. and Columbia TriStar Home Video Inc. (Aug 25, 1998) Revenue Sharing Agreement - Buena Vista Home Entertainment Inc. and Blockbuster Video Inc. (Nov 21, 1997) Revenue Sharing Term Sheet - Paramount Home Video and Blockbuster Inc. (Jul 29, 1999) Tax Matters Agreement - Viacom Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. (Aug 16, 1999) Transition Services Agreement - Viacom Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. (Aug 16, 1999) VHS Revenue Sharing License Agreement - Blockbuster Inc. and Warner Home Video (Jan 20, 1999) 



   Edward Stead | SWK Holdings Corp | ZoomInfo.com   Edward Stead | SWK Holdings Corp | ZoomInfo.com Edward B. Stead |  American Law Institute





ALI Members
          
          Elected Member
            
         Edward B. Stead Blockbuster Entertainment
            Education
          St. Lawrence UniversitySt Johns University School of Law
        
           
        
      
                Areas of Expertise
              Corporate Law  (Commercial Law)













Mr. Edward Stead - Attorney in Dallas, TX - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















TexasDallasEdward Stead


Mr. Edward B. Stead








Edward B. Stead 
                                    



General Practice




Law School:

St. John's J.D. 1973



Status:
In Good Standing


Licensed:
27 years














2900 Mckinnon St
75201
Dallas
TX









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™26/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™STJ-973-1004





















                    Contact Mr.  Stead















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Edward B. Stead .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Knox Fitzpatrick
Criminal, DUI-DWI, Accident & Injury, Government Agencies, Lawsuit & Dispute
Dallas, TX 75201 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




John Robert Howie
Accident & Injury, Wrongful Death, Car Accident, Products Liability, Personal Injury
Dallas, TX 75204 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




John R. Teakell
DUI-DWI, Criminal, White Collar Crime
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT








Richard L. Arnold
Wrongful Death, Products Liability, Accident & Injury, Civil & Human Rights, Employment
Dallas, TX 75204 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Jeffrey Benton
Accident & Injury, Car Accident, Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Products Liability
Dallas, TX 75207 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Gary Warren Sibley
Personal Injury, Commercial Real Estate, Family Law, DUI-DWI, Business Organization
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT








Richard Weaver
Bankruptcy & Debt, Bankruptcy, Collection, Credit & Debt, Workout
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Louis Cole
Real Estate, Business, Business Organization, Merger & Acquisition
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Victor Calvin Johnson
Intellectual Property, Litigation
Dallas, TX 75201 (Dallas County)





CONTACT








Gregory Sinclair Beane
Divorce, Child Custody, Alimony & Spousal Support, Collaborative Law, Prenuptial Agreements
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Andrew Rohe
Immigration, Accident & Injury, Criminal, Lawsuit & Dispute
Dallas, TX 75208 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




John Holman Barr
Accident & Injury, Insurance, Elder Law, Estate
Dallas, TX 75203 (Dallas County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




St. John's University School of Law
J.D.
Law School
1973


St Lawrence Univ; Canton NY
N/A
N/A
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




Texas
1999


California
1991


California Northern District Court
N/A


Illinois
N/A


Illinois Northern District Court
N/A


Massachusetts
N/A


New York
N/A


Texas Northern District Court
N/A


US Supreme Court
N/A


US Supreme Court
N/A






Additional Info



TX State Lawyer Additional Information:
Statutory Profile Last Certification Date: 01/12/2017
Primary Practice Location: Dallas, Texas
Service Type:General


Update Date:2017-03-28




Lawyer Badges


















32.7954355,-96.8085696













MAIN LOCATION


2900 Mckinnon StDallas, TX 75201




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog

























Texas Lawyer - Lawyer.com


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Texas Lawyer






                  Texas Lawyer                





CITYCOUNTYView all Texas  Lawyers or browse by county.BaytownEdinburgRichmondSugar LandAnderson CountyCayugaElkhartFrankstonMontalbaNechesPalestineTennessee ColonyAndrews CountyAndrewsAngelina CountyDibollHuntingtonLufkinPollokZavallaAransas CountyFultonRockportArcher CountyArcher CityHollidayMegargelScotlandWindthorstArmstrong CountyClaudeWaysideAtascosa CountyCampbelltonCharlotteChristineJourdantonLemingLytlePeggyPleasantonPoteetAustin CountyBellvilleBleiblervilleCat SpringIndustryKenneyNew UlmSan FelipeSealyWallisBailey CountyBulaEnochsMapleMuleshoeBandera CountyBanderaMedinaPipe CreekTarpleyVanderpoolBastrop CountyBastropCedar CreekElginMc DadePaigeRed RockRosankySmithvilleBaylor CountySeymourBee CountyBeevilleMineralNormannaPawneePettusSkidmoreTuletaTynanBell CountyBartlettBeltonHarker HeightsHeidenheimerHollandKilleenLittle River AcademyNolanvillePendletonRogersSaladoTempleTroyBexar CountyAdkinsAtascosaConverseElmendorfHelotesMacdonaSaint HedwigSan AntonioSomersetUniversal CityVon OrmyBlanco CountyBlancoHyeJohnson CityRound MountainBorden CountyGailBosque CountyCliftonCranfills GapIredellKopperlLaguna ParkMeridianMorganValley MillsWalnut SpringsBowie CountyDe KalbHooksMaudNashNew BostonRedwaterSimmsTexarkanaBrazoria CountyAlvinAngletonBrazoriaCluteDamonDanburyDancigerFreeportLake JacksonLiverpoolManvelOld OceanPearlandRosharonSweenyWest ColumbiaBrazos CountyBryanCollege StationKurtenMillicanWellbornBrewster CountyAlpineBig Bend National ParkMarathonTerlinguaBriscoe CountyQuitaqueSilvertonBrooks CountyEncinoFalfurriasBrown CountyBangsBlanketBrookesmithBrownwoodEarlyMayZephyrBurleson CountyCaldwellChriesmanDeanvilleLyonsSnookSomervilleBurnet CountyBertramBriggsBurnetMarble FallsCaldwell CountyDaleFentressLockhartLulingMartindaleMaxwellPrairie LeaCalhoun CountyPoint ComfortPort LavacaPort O ConnorSeadriftCallahan CountyBairdClydeCross PlainsPutnamCameron CountyBrownsvilleCombesHarlingenLa FeriaLos FresnosLos IndiosLozanoOlmitoPort IsabelRio HondoSan BenitoSanta MariaSanta RosaSouth Padre IslandCamp CountyLeesburgPittsburgCarson CountyGroomPanhandleSkellytownWhite DeerCass CountyAtlantaAvingerBivinsBloomburgDouglassvilleHughes SpringsKildareLindenMariettaMc LeodQueen CityCastro CountyDimmittHartNazarethSummerfieldChambers CountyAnahuacHankamerMont BelvieuStowellWallisvilleWinnieCherokee CountyAltoCuneyGallatinJacksonvilleMaydelleNew SummerfieldReklawRuskWellsChildress CountyChildressTellClay CountyBellevueBluegroveByersHenriettaPetroliaCochran CountyBledsoeMortonWhitefaceCoke CountyBronteRobert LeeSilverTennysonColeman CountyBurkettColemanGoldsboroGouldbuskNoviceRockwoodSanta AnnaTalpaValeraVossCollin CountyAllenAnnaBlue RidgeCelinaCopevilleDallasFarmersvilleFriscoJosephineLavonMckinneyMelissaNevadaPlanoPrincetonProsperWestminsterWestonWylieCollingsworth CountyDodsonQuailSam NorwoodWellingtonColorado CountyAlleytonAltairColumbusEagle LakeGarwoodGliddenNadaOaklandRock IslandSheridanWeimarComal CountyBulverdeCanyon LakeFischerNew BraunfelsSan AntonioSpring BranchComanche CountyComancheDe LeonEnergyGustineProctorSidneyConcho CountyEdenEolaLowakeMillersviewPaint RockCooke CountyEraGainesvilleLindsayMuensterMyraRosstonValley ViewCoryell CountyCopperas CoveEvantFlatGatesvilleJonesboroMoundOglesbyPurmelaCottle CountyCee VeePaducahCrane CountyCraneCrockett CountyOzonaCrosby CountyCrosbytonLorenzoRallsCulberson CountyVan HornDallam CountyDalhartKerrickTexlineDallas CountyAddisonCarrolltonCedar HillCoppellDallasDesotoDuncanvilleGarlandGrand PrairieHutchinsIrvingLancasterMesquiteRichardsonRowlettSachseSeagovilleSunnyvaleWilmerDawson CountyLamesaWelchDe Witt CountyCueroHochheimMeyersvilleNordheimThomastonWesthoffYorktownDeaf Smith CountyDawnHerefordDelta CountyBen FranklinCooperEnloeKlondikeLake CreekPecan GapDenton CountyArgyleAubreyCarrolltonDentonFlower MoundFriscoJustinKrumLake DallasLewisvilleLittle ElmPilot PointPonderRoanokeSangerThe ColonyDickens CountyAftonDickensMcadooSpurDimmit CountyAshertonBig WellsCarrizo SpringsCatarinaDonley CountyClarendonHedleyLelia LakeDuval CountyBenavidesConcepcionFreerRealitosSan DiegoEastland CountyCarbonCiscoDesdemonaEastlandGormanOldenRangerRising StarEctor CountyGardendaleGoldsmithNotreesOdessaPenwellEdwards CountyBarksdaleRockspringsTelegraphEl Paso CountyAnthonyCanutilloClintEl PasoFabensSan ElizarioTornilloEllis CountyAvalonBardwellEnnisFerrisForrestonItalyMaypearlMidlothianMilfordPalmerRed OakWaxahachieErath CountyBluff DaleDublinLinglevilleMorgan MillStephenvilleFalls CountyChiltonLottMarlinReaganRosebudSatinFannin CountyBaileyBonhamDodd CityEctorGoberHoney GroveIvanhoeLadoniaLeonardRandolphRavennaSavoyTelephoneTrentonWindomFayette CountyCarmineEllingerFayettevilleFlatoniaLa GrangeLedbetterMuldoonPlumRound TopSchulenburgWardaWarrentonWest PointFisher CountyMc CaulleyRobyRotanSylvesterFloyd CountyAikenDoughertyFloydadaLockneySouth PlainsFoard CountyCrowellFort Bend CountyBeasleyFresnoFulshearGuyHoustonKatyKendletonMissouri CityNeedvilleOrchardRichmondRosenbergSimontonStaffordSugar LandThompsonsFranklin CountyMount VernonScrogginsTalcoFreestone CountyDonieFairfieldKirvinStreetmanTeagueWorthamFrio CountyBigfootDilleyMoorePearsallGaines CountyLoopSeagravesSeminoleGalveston CountyBacliffDickinsonFriendswoodGalvestonGilchristHigh IslandHitchcockKemahLa MarqueLeague CityPort BolivarSanta FeTexas CityGarza CountyJusticeburgPostGillespie CountyDossFredericksburgHarperStonewallWillow CityGlasscock CountyGarden CityGoliad CountyBerclairFanninGoliadWeesatcheGonzales CountyBelmontCostGonzalesHarwoodLeesvilleNixonOttineSmileyWaelderWrightsboroGray CountyAlanreedLeforsMcleanPampaGrayson CountyBellsCollinsvilleDenisonGordonvilleGunterHowePottsboroSadlerShermanSouthmaydTiogaTom BeanVan AlstyneWhitesboroWhitewrightGregg CountyEastonGladewaterJudsonKilgoreLongviewWhite OakGrimes CountyAndersonBediasIolaNavasotaPlantersvilleRichardsRoans PrairieShiroGuadalupe CountyCiboloGeronimoKingsburyMarionMc QueeneySchertzSeguinStaplesHale CountyAbernathyCotton CenterEdmonsonHale CenterPetersburgPlainviewHall CountyEstellineLakeviewMemphisTurkeyHamilton CountyCarltonHamiltonHicoPottsvilleHansford CountyGruverMorseSpearmanHardeman CountyChillicotheQuanahHardin CountyBatsonKountzeLumbertonSaratogaSilsbeeSour LakeThicketVillage MillsVotawHarris CountyAliefBarkerBaytownBellaireChannelviewCrosbyCypressDeer ParkGalena ParkHighlandsHockleyHoustonHuffmanHufsmithHumbleKatyKingwoodLa PorteNorth HoustonPasadenaSeabrookSouth HoustonSpringTomballWallerWebsterHarrison CountyElysian FieldsHallsvilleHarletonJonesvilleKarnackMarshallScottsvilleWaskomWoodlawnHartley CountyChanningHartleyHaskell CountyHaskellO BrienRochesterRuleWeinertHays CountyAustinBudaDriftwoodDripping SpringsKyleSan MarcosWimberleyHemphill CountyCanadianHenderson CountyAthensBrownsboroChandlerEustaceLarueMabankMalakoffMurchisonPoynorTrinidadHidalgo CountyAlamoDonnaEdcouchEdinburgElsaHargillHidalgoLa BlancaLa JoyaLa VillaLinnLos EbanosMcallenMercedesMissionPenitasPharrProgresoSan JuanSullivan CityWeslacoHill CountyAbbottAquillaBlumBrandonBynumCovingtonHillsboroHubbardIreneItascaMaloneMertensMount CalmPenelopeWhitneyHockley CountyAntonLevellandPepRopesvilleSmyerSundownWhitharralHood CountyCressonGranburyLipanPaluxyTolarHopkins CountyBrashearComoCumbyDikePicktonSaltilloSulphur BluffSulphur SpringsHouston CountyCrockettGrapelandKennardLatexoLoveladyRatcliffHoward CountyBig SpringCoahomaForsanKnottHudspeth CountyDell CityFort HancockSalt FlatSierra BlancaHunt CountyCaddo MillsCampbellCelesteCommerceGreenvilleLone OakMeritQuinlanWolfe CityHutchinson CountyBorgerFritchSanfordStinnettIrion CountyBarnhartMertzonJack CountyBrysonJacksboroJermynPerrinJackson CountyEdnaFrancitasGanadoLa SalleLa WardLolitaVanderbiltJasper CountyBrookelandBunaEvadaleJasperKirbyvilleJeff Davis CountyFort DavisJefferson CountyBeaumontChinaGrovesHamshireNederlandNomePort ArthurPort NechesSabine PassJim Hogg CountyGuerraHebbronvilleJim Wells CountyAliceBen BoltOrange GrovePremontSandiaJohnson CountyAlvaradoBurlesonCleburneGodleyGrandviewJoshuaKeeneLillianRio VistaVenusJones CountyAnsonAvocaHamlinHawleyLuedersStamfordKarnes CountyEcletoFalls CityGillettHobsonKarnes CityKenedyPanna MariaRungeKaufman CountyCrandallElmoForneyKaufmanKempMabankRosserScurryTerrellKendall CountyBergheimBoerneComfortKendaliaWaringKenedy CountyArmstrongSaritaKent CountyGirardJaytonKerr CountyCenter PointHuntIngramKerrvilleMountain HomeKimble CountyJunctionLondonRooseveltKing CountyGuthrieKinney CountyBrackettvilleKleberg CountyKingsvilleRivieraKnox CountyBenjaminGoreeKnox CityMundayLa Salle CountyArtesia WellsCotullaEncinalFowlertonLamar CountyArthur CityBlossomBrookstonChicotaCunninghamDeportParisPattonvillePettyPowderlyRoxtonSumnerLamb CountyAmherstEarthFieldtonLittlefieldOltonSpadeSpringlakeSudanLampasas CountyKempnerLampasasLometaLavaca CountyHallettsvilleMoultonShinerSublimeSweet HomeYoakumLee CountyDime BoxGiddingsLexingtonLincolnLeon CountyBuffaloCentervilleConcordFlynnJewettLeonaMarquezNormangeeOakwoodLiberty CountyClevelandDaisettaDaytonDeversHardinHullLibertyRaywoodRomayorRyeLimestone CountyCoolidgeGroesbeckKosseMexiaPrairie HillTehuacanaThorntonLipscomb CountyBookerDarrouzettFollettHigginsLipscombLive Oak CountyDineroGeorge WestOakvilleThree RiversWhitsettLlano CountyBlufftonBuchanan DamCastellHorseshoe BayKingslandLlanoTowValley SpringLoving CountyMentoneLubbock CountyIdalouLubbockNew DealRansom CanyonShallowaterSlatonWolfforthLynn CountyNew HomeOdonnellTahokaWilsonMadison CountyMadisonvilleMidwayNorth ZulchMarion CountyJeffersonLodiMartin CountyAckerlyLenorahStantonTarzanMason CountyArtFredoniaMasonPontotocMatagorda CountyBay CityBlessingCedar LaneCollegeportElmatonMarkhamMatagordaMidfieldPalaciosPledgerVan VleckWadsworthMaverick CountyEagle PassEl IndioQuemadoMcculloch CountyBradyDooleLohnMelvinRochelleVocaMclennan CountyAxtellBrucevilleChina SpringCrawfordEddyElm MottHewittLeroyLorenaMartMc GregorMoodyRieselRossWacoWestWoodwayMcmullen CountyCallihamTildenMedina CountyCastrovilleD HanisDevineHondoLa CosteMicoNataliaRio MedinaYanceyMenard CountyFort Mc KavettHextMenardMidland CountyMidlandMilam CountyBuckholtsBurlingtonCameronDavillaGauseMilanoRockdaleThorndaleMills CountyGoldthwaiteMullinPriddyStarMitchell CountyColorado CityLoraineWestbrookMontague CountyBowieForestburgMontagueNoconaRinggoldSaint JoSunsetMontgomery CountyConroeDobbinMagnoliaMontgomeryNew CaneyPinehurstPorterSplendoraSpringWillisMoore CountyCactusDumasMastersonSunrayMorris CountyCasonDaingerfieldLone StarNaplesOmahaMotley CountyFlomotMatadorRoaring SpringsNacogdoches CountyChirenoCushingDouglassEtoileGarrisonMartinsvilleNacogdochesSaculWodenNavarro CountyBarryBlooming GroveChatfieldCorsicanaDawsonFrostKerensPowellPurdonRiceRichlandNewton CountyBon WierBurkevilleCallDeweyvilleNewtonWiergateNolan CountyBlackwellMarynealNolanRoscoeSweetwaterNueces CountyAgua DulceBanqueteBishopChapman RanchCorpus ChristiDriscollPort AransasRobstownOchiltree CountyFarnsworthPerrytonWakaOldham CountyAdrianBoys RanchVegaWildoradoOrange CountyBridge CityMauricevilleOrangeOrangefieldVidorPalo Pinto CountyGordonGrafordMineral WellsMingusPalo PintoSantoStrawnPanola CountyBeckvilleCarthageClaytonDe BerryGaryLong BranchPanolaParker CountyAledoAzleDennisMillsapPeasterPoolvilleSpringtownWeatherfordWhittParmer CountyBovinaFarwellFrionaLazbuddiePecos CountyCoyanosaFort StocktonGirvinImperialIraanSheffieldPolk CountyAceCamdenCorriganDallardsvilleGoodrichLeggettLivingstonMoscowOnalaskaPotter CountyAmarilloBushlandPresidio CountyMarfaPresidioRedfordValentineRains CountyEmoryPointRandall CountyAmarilloCanyonUmbargerReagan CountyBig LakeReal CountyCamp WoodLeakeyRio FrioRed River CountyAnnonaAveryBagwellBogataClarksvilleDetroitReeves CountyBalmorheaOrlaPecosSaragosaToyahToyahvaleRefugio CountyAustwellBaysideRefugioTivoliWoodsboroRoberts CountyMiamiRobertson CountyBremondCalvertFranklinHearneMumfordNew BadenWheelockRockwall CountyFateRockwallRoyse CityRunnels CountyBallingerMilesNortonRowenaWingateWintersRusk CountyHendersonJoinervilleLaird HillLanevilleMindenMount EnterpriseNew LondonOvertonPriceSelman CityTatumSabine CountyBronsonHemphillMilamPinelandSan Augustine CountyBroaddusSan AugustineSan Jacinto CountyColdspringOakhurstPointblankShepherdSan Patricio CountyAransas PassEdroyGregoryInglesideMathisOdemPortlandSintonTaftSan Saba CountyBendCherokeeRichland SpringsSan SabaSchleicher CountyEldoradoScurry CountyDunnFluvannaHermleighIraSnyderShackelford CountyAlbanyMoranShelby CountyCenterJoaquinShelbyvilleTenahaTimpsonSherman CountyStratfordTexhomaSmith CountyArpBullardFlintLindaleTroupTylerWhitehouseWinonaSomervell CountyGlen RoseNemoRainbowStarr CountyDelmitaFalcon HeightsGarciasvilleGrullaRio Grande CityRomaSalinenoSan IsidroSanta ElenaStephens CountyBreckenridgeCaddoSterling CountySterling CityStonewall CountyAspermontOld GlorySutton CountySonoraSwisher CountyHappyKressTuliaTarrant CountyArlingtonAzleBedfordColleyvilleCrowleyEulessFort WorthGrapevineHaltom CityHasletHurstKellerKennedaleMansfieldNaval Air Station/ JrbNorth Richland HillsSouthlakeTaylor CountyAbileneBuffalo GapDyess AfbLawnMerkelOvaloTrentTuscolaTyeTerrell CountyDrydenSandersonTerry CountyBrownfieldMeadowWellmanThrockmorton CountyThrockmortonWoodsonTitus CountyCookvilleMount PleasantWinfieldTom Green CountyCarlsbadChristovalGoodfellow AfbKnickerbockerMeretaSan AngeloVancourtVeribestWallWater ValleyTravis CountyAustinDel ValleLeanderManchacaManorMc NeilPflugervilleSpicewoodTrinity CountyApple SpringsCentraliaGrovetonPenningtonTrinityWoodlakeTyler CountyChesterColmesneilDoucetteFredHillisterSpurgerWarrenWoodvilleUpshur CountyBig SandyDianaGilmerOre CityUpton CountyMc CameyMidkiffRankinUvalde CountyConcanKnippaSabinalUtopiaUvaldeVal Verde CountyComstockDel RioLangtryLaughlin A F BVan Zandt CountyBen WheelerCantonEdgewoodFruitvaleGrand SalineVanWills PointVictoria CountyBloomingtonInezMcfaddinNurseryPlacedoTelfernerVictoriaWalker CountyDodgeHuntsvilleNew WaverlyRiversideWaller CountyBrookshireHempsteadPattisonPrairie ViewWard CountyBarstowGrandfallsMonahansPyoteWickettWashington CountyBrenhamBurtonChappell HillWashingtonWebb CountyBruniLaredoMirando CityOiltonWharton CountyBolingDanevangEast BernardEgyptEl CampoGlen FloraHungerfordLane CityLissieLouisePierceWhartonWheeler CountyAllisonBriscoeMobeetieShamrockWheelerWichita CountyBurkburnettElectraIowa ParkKamaySheppard AfbWichita FallsWilbarger CountyHarroldOdellOklaunionVernonWillacy CountyLasaraLyfordPort MansfieldRaymondvilleSan PerlitaSebastianWilliamson CountyAustinCedar ParkCouplandFlorenceGeorgetownGrangerHuttoJarrellLeanderLiberty HillRound RockSchwertnerTaylorThrallWalburgWeirWilson CountyFloresvilleLa VerniaPandoraPothStockdaleSutherland SpringsWinkler CountyKermitWinkWise CountyAlvordBoydBridgeportChicoDecaturGreenwoodNewarkParadiseRhomeSlidellWood CountyAlbaGoldenHawkinsMineolaQuitmanWinnsboroYantisYoakum CountyDenver CityPlainsTokioYoung CountyGrahamLovingNewcastleOlneySouth BendZapata CountyLopenoSan YgnacioZapataZavala CountyBatesvilleCrystal CityLa PryorView all Texas  Lawyers or browse by county.Lawyers in Major Cities in TexasAbileneAmarilloArlingtonAustinBeaumontCorpus ChristiDallasDentonEl PasoFort WorthGalvestonHoustonLubbockMidlandSan AntonioTylerVictoriaWacoWichita FallsAll CITIESAAbbottAbernathyAbileneAceAckerlyAddisonAdkinsAdrianAftonAgua DulceAikenAlamoAlanreedAlbaAlbanyAledoAliceAliefAllenAlleytonAllisonAlpineAltairAltoAlvaradoAlvinAlvordAmarilloAmherstAnahuacAndersonAndrewsAngletonAnnaAnnonaAnsonAnthonyAntonApple SpringsAquillaAransas PassArcher CityArgyleArlingtonArmstrongArpArtArtesia WellsArthur CityAshertonAspermontAtascosaAthensAtlantaAubreyAustinAustwellAvalonAveryAvingerAvocaAxtellAzleBBacliffBagwellBaileyBairdBallingerBalmorheaBanderaBangsBanqueteBardwellBarkerBarksdaleBarnhartBarryBarstowBartlettBastropBatesvilleBatsonBay CityBaysideBaytownBeasleyBeaumontBeckvilleBedfordBediasBeevilleBellaireBellevueBellsBellvilleBelmontBeltonBen BoltBen FranklinBen WheelerBenavidesBendBenjaminBerclairBergheimBertramBig Bend National ParkBig LakeBig SandyBig SpringBig WellsBigfootBishopBivinsBlackwellBlancoBlanketBledsoeBleiblervilleBlessingBloomburgBlooming GroveBloomingtonBlossomBlue RidgeBluegroveBluff DaleBlufftonBlumBoerneBogataBolingBon WierBonhamBookerBorgerBovinaBowieBoydBoys RanchBrackettvilleBradyBrandonBrashearBrazoriaBreckenridgeBremondBrenhamBridge CityBridgeportBriggsBriscoeBroaddusBronsonBronteBrookelandBrookesmithBrookshireBrookstonBrownfieldBrownsboroBrownsvilleBrownwoodBrucevilleBruniBryanBrysonBuchanan DamBuckholtsBudaBuffaloBuffalo GapBulaBullardBulverdeBunaBurkburnettBurkettBurkevilleBurlesonBurlingtonBurnetBurtonBushlandByersBynumCCactusCaddoCaddo MillsCaldwellCallCallihamCalvertCamdenCameronCamp WoodCampbellCampbelltonCanadianCantonCanutilloCanyonCanyon LakeCarbonCarlsbadCarltonCarmineCarrizo SpringsCarrolltonCarthageCasonCastellCastrovilleCat SpringCatarinaCayugaCedar CreekCedar HillCedar LaneCedar ParkCee VeeCelesteCelinaCenterCenter PointCentervilleCentraliaChandlerChannelviewChanningChapman RanchChappell HillCharlotteChatfieldCherokeeChesterChicoChicotaChildressChillicotheChiltonChinaChina SpringChirenoChriesmanChristineChristovalCiboloCiscoClarendonClarksvilleClaudeClaytonCleburneClevelandCliftonClintCluteClydeCoahomaColdspringColemanCollege StationCollegeportColleyvilleCollinsvilleColmesneilColorado CityColumbusComancheCombesComfortCommerceComoComstockConcanConcepcionConcordConroeConverseCookvilleCoolidgeCooperCopevilleCoppellCopperas CoveCorpus ChristiCorriganCorsicanaCostCotton CenterCotullaCouplandCovingtonCoyanosaCrandallCraneCranfills GapCrawfordCressonCrockettCrosbyCrosbytonCross PlainsCrowellCrowleyCrystal CityCueroCumbyCuneyCunninghamCushingCypressDD HanisDaingerfieldDaisettaDaleDalhartDallardsvilleDallasDamonDanburyDancigerDanevangDarrouzettDavillaDawnDawsonDaytonDe BerryDe KalbDe LeonDeanvilleDecaturDeer ParkDel RioDel ValleDell CityDelmitaDenisonDennisDentonDenver CityDeportDesdemonaDesotoDetroitDeversDevineDeweyvilleDianaDibollDickensDickinsonDikeDilleyDime BoxDimmittDineroDobbinDodd CityDodgeDodsonDonieDonnaDooleDossDoucetteDoughertyDouglassDouglassvilleDriftwoodDripping SpringsDriscollDrydenDublinDumasDuncanvilleDunnDyess AfbEEagle LakeEagle PassEarlyEarthEast BernardEastlandEastonEcletoEctorEdcouchEddyEdenEdgewoodEdinburgEdmonsonEdnaEdroyEgyptEl CampoEl IndioEl PasoEldoradoElectraElginElkhartEllingerElm MottElmatonElmendorfElmoElsaElysian FieldsEmoryEncinalEncinoEnergyEnloeEnnisEnochsEolaEraEstellineEtoileEulessEustaceEvadaleEvantFFabensFairfieldFalcon HeightsFalfurriasFalls CityFanninFarmersvilleFarnsworthFarwellFateFayettevilleFentressFerrisFieldtonFischerFlatFlatoniaFlintFlomotFlorenceFloresvilleFlower MoundFloydadaFluvannaFlynnFollettForestburgForneyForrestonForsanFort DavisFort HancockFort Mc KavettFort StocktonFort WorthFowlertonFrancitasFranklinFrankstonFredFredericksburgFredoniaFreeportFreerFresnoFriendswoodFrionaFriscoFritchFrostFruitvaleFulshearFultonGGailGainesvilleGalena ParkGallatinGalvestonGanadoGarciasvilleGarden CityGardendaleGarlandGarrisonGarwoodGaryGatesvilleGauseGeorge WestGeorgetownGeronimoGiddingsGilchristGillettGilmerGirardGirvinGladewaterGlen FloraGlen RoseGliddenGoberGodleyGoldenGoldsboroGoldsmithGoldthwaiteGoliadGonzalesGoodfellow AfbGoodrichGordonGordonvilleGoreeGormanGouldbuskGrafordGrahamGranburyGrand PrairieGrand SalineGrandfallsGrandviewGrangerGrapelandGrapevineGreenvilleGreenwoodGregoryGroesbeckGroomGrovesGrovetonGrullaGruverGuerraGunterGustineGuthrieGuyHHale CenterHallettsvilleHallsvilleHaltom CityHamiltonHamlinHamshireHankamerHappyHardinHargillHarker HeightsHarletonHarlingenHarperHarroldHartHartleyHarwoodHaskellHasletHawkinsHawleyHearneHebbronvilleHedleyHeidenheimerHelotesHemphillHempsteadHendersonHenriettaHerefordHermleighHewittHextHicoHidalgoHigginsHigh IslandHighlandsHillisterHillsboroHitchcockHobsonHochheimHockleyHollandHollidayHondoHoney GroveHooksHorseshoe BayHoustonHoweHubbardHuffmanHufsmithHughes SpringsHullHumbleHungerfordHuntHuntingtonHuntsvilleHurstHutchinsHuttoHyeIIdalouImperialIndustryInezInglesideIngramIolaIowa ParkIraIraanIredellIreneIrvingItalyItascaIvanhoeJJacksboroJacksonvilleJarrellJasperJaytonJeffersonJermynJewettJoaquinJohnson CityJoinervilleJonesboroJonesvilleJosephineJoshuaJourdantonJudsonJunctionJusticeburgJustinKKamayKarnackKarnes CityKatyKaufmanKeeneKellerKemahKempKempnerKendaliaKendletonKenedyKennardKennedaleKenneyKerensKermitKerrickKerrvilleKildareKilgoreKilleenKingsburyKingslandKingsvilleKingwoodKirbyvilleKirvinKlondikeKnickerbockerKnippaKnottKnox CityKopperlKosseKountzeKressKrumKurtenKyleLLa BlancaLa CosteLa FeriaLa GrangeLa JoyaLa MarqueLa PorteLa PryorLa SalleLa VerniaLa VillaLa WardLadoniaLaguna ParkLaird HillLake CreekLake DallasLake JacksonLakeviewLamesaLampasasLancasterLane CityLanevilleLangtryLaredoLarueLasaraLatexoLaughlin A F BLavonLawnLazbuddieLeague CityLeakeyLeanderLedbetterLeesburgLeesvilleLeforsLeggettLelia LakeLemingLenorahLeonaLeonardLeroyLevellandLewisvilleLexingtonLibertyLiberty HillLillianLincolnLindaleLindenLindsayLinglevilleLinnLipanLipscombLissieLittle ElmLittle River AcademyLittlefieldLiverpoolLivingstonLlanoLockhartLockneyLodiLohnLolitaLometaLondonLone OakLone StarLong BranchLongviewLoopLopenoLoraineLorenaLorenzoLos EbanosLos FresnosLos IndiosLottLouiseLoveladyLovingLowakeLozanoLubbockLuedersLufkinLulingLumbertonLyfordLyonsLytleMMabankMacdonaMadisonvilleMagnoliaMalakoffMaloneManchacaManorMansfieldManvelMapleMarathonMarble FallsMarfaMariettaMarionMarkhamMarlinMarquezMarshallMartMartindaleMartinsvilleMarynealMasonMastersonMatadorMatagordaMathisMaudMauricevilleMaxwellMayMaydelleMaypearlMc CameyMc CaulleyMc DadeMc GregorMc LeodMc NeilMc QueeneyMcadooMcallenMcfaddinMckinneyMcleanMeadowMedinaMegargelMelissaMelvinMemphisMenardMentoneMercedesMeretaMeridianMeritMerkelMertensMertzonMesquiteMexiaMeyersvilleMiamiMicoMidfieldMidkiffMidlandMidlothianMidwayMilamMilanoMilesMilfordMillersviewMillicanMillsapMindenMineolaMineralMineral WellsMingusMirando CityMissionMissouri CityMobeetieMonahansMont BelvieuMontagueMontalbaMontgomeryMoodyMooreMoranMorganMorgan MillMorseMortonMoscowMoultonMoundMount CalmMount EnterpriseMount PleasantMount VernonMountain HomeMuensterMuldoonMuleshoeMullinMumfordMundayMurchisonMyraNNacogdochesNadaNaplesNashNataliaNaval Air Station/ JrbNavasotaNazarethNechesNederlandNeedvilleNemoNevadaNew BadenNew BostonNew BraunfelsNew CaneyNew DealNew HomeNew LondonNew SummerfieldNew UlmNew WaverlyNewarkNewcastleNewtonNixonNoconaNolanNolanvilleNomeNordheimNormangeeNormannaNorth HoustonNorth Richland HillsNorth ZulchNortonNotreesNoviceNurseryOO BrienOakhurstOaklandOakvilleOakwoodOdellOdemOdessaOdonnellOglesbyOiltonOklaunionOld GloryOld OceanOldenOlmitoOlneyOltonOmahaOnalaskaOrangeOrange GroveOrangefieldOrchardOre CityOrlaOttineOvaloOvertonOzonaPPaducahPaigePaint RockPalaciosPalestinePalmerPalo PintoPaluxyPampaPandoraPanhandlePanna MariaPanolaParadiseParisPasadenaPattisonPattonvillePawneePearlandPearsallPeasterPecan GapPecosPeggyPendletonPenelopePenitasPenningtonPenwellPepPerrinPerrytonPetersburgPetroliaPettusPettyPflugervillePharrPicktonPiercePilot PointPinehurstPinelandPipe CreekPittsburgPlacedoPlainsPlainviewPlanoPlantersvillePleasantonPledgerPlumPointPoint ComfortPointblankPollokPonderPontotocPoolvillePort AransasPort ArthurPort BolivarPort IsabelPort LavacaPort MansfieldPort NechesPort O ConnorPorterPortlandPostPoteetPothPottsboroPottsvillePowderlyPowellPoynorPrairie HillPrairie LeaPrairie ViewPremontPresidioPricePriddyPrincetonProctorProgresoProsperPurdonPurmelaPutnamPyoteQQuailQuanahQueen CityQuemadoQuinlanQuitaqueQuitmanRRainbowRallsRandolphRangerRankinRansom CanyonRatcliffRavennaRaymondvilleRaywoodReaganRealitosRed OakRed RockRedfordRedwaterRefugioReklawRhomeRiceRichardsRichardsonRichlandRichland SpringsRichmondRieselRinggoldRio FrioRio Grande CityRio HondoRio MedinaRio VistaRising StarRiversideRivieraRoanokeRoans PrairieRoaring SpringsRobert LeeRobstownRobyRochelleRochesterRock IslandRockdaleRockportRockspringsRockwallRockwoodRogersRomaRomayorRooseveltRopesvilleRosankyRoscoeRosebudRosenbergRosharonRossRosserRosstonRotanRound MountainRound RockRound TopRowenaRowlettRoxtonRoyse CityRuleRungeRuskRyeSSabinalSabine PassSachseSaculSadlerSaint HedwigSaint JoSaladoSalinenoSalt FlatSaltilloSam NorwoodSan AngeloSan AntonioSan AugustineSan BenitoSan DiegoSan ElizarioSan FelipeSan IsidroSan JuanSan MarcosSan PerlitaSan SabaSan YgnacioSandersonSandiaSanfordSangerSanta AnnaSanta ElenaSanta FeSanta MariaSanta RosaSantoSaragosaSaratogaSaritaSatinSavoySchertzSchulenburgSchwertnerScotlandScottsvilleScrogginsScurrySeabrookSeadriftSeagovilleSeagravesSealySebastianSeguinSelman CitySeminoleSeymourShallowaterShamrockSheffieldShelbyvilleShepherdSheppard AfbSheridanShermanShinerShiroSidneySierra BlancaSilsbeeSilverSilvertonSimmsSimontonSintonSkellytownSkidmoreSlatonSlidellSmileySmithvilleSmyerSnookSnyderSomersetSomervilleSonoraSour LakeSouth BendSouth HoustonSouth Padre IslandSouth PlainsSouthlakeSouthmaydSpadeSpearmanSpicewoodSplendoraSpringSpring BranchSpringlakeSpringtownSpurSpurgerStaffordStamfordStantonStaplesStarStephenvilleSterling CityStinnettStockdaleStonewallStowellStratfordStrawnStreetmanSublimeSudanSugar LandSullivan CitySulphur BluffSulphur SpringsSummerfieldSumnerSundownSunnyvaleSunraySunsetSutherland SpringsSweenySweet HomeSweetwaterSylvesterTTaftTahokaTalcoTalpaTarpleyTarzanTatumTaylorTeagueTehuacanaTelegraphTelephoneTelfernerTellTempleTenahaTennessee ColonyTennysonTerlinguaTerrellTexarkanaTexas CityTexhomaTexlineThe ColonyThicketThomastonThompsonsThorndaleThorntonThrallThree RiversThrockmortonTildenTimpsonTiogaTivoliTokioTolarTom BeanTomballTornilloTowToyahToyahvaleTrentTrentonTrinidadTrinityTroupTroyTuletaTuliaTurkeyTuscolaTyeTylerTynanUUmbargerUniversal CityUtopiaUvaldeVValentineValeraValley MillsValley SpringValley ViewVanVan AlstyneVan HornVan VleckVancourtVanderbiltVanderpoolVegaVenusVeribestVernonVictoriaVidorVillage MillsVocaVon OrmyVossVotawWWacoWadsworthWaelderWakaWalburgWallWallerWallisWallisvilleWalnut SpringsWardaWaringWarrenWarrentonWashingtonWaskomWater ValleyWaxahachieWaysideWeatherfordWebsterWeesatcheWeimarWeinertWeirWelchWellbornWellingtonWellmanWellsWeslacoWestWest ColumbiaWest PointWestbrookWesthoffWestminsterWestonWhartonWheelerWheelockWhite DeerWhite OakWhitefaceWhitehouseWhitesboroWhitewrightWhitharralWhitneyWhitsettWhittWichita FallsWickettWiergateWildoradoWillisWillow CityWills PointWilmerWilsonWimberleyWindomWindthorstWinfieldWingateWinkWinnieWinnsboroWinonaWintersWodenWolfe CityWolfforthWoodlakeWoodlawnWoodsboroWoodsonWoodvilleWoodwayWorthamWrightsboroWylieYYanceyYantisYoakumYorktownZZapataZavallaZephyr









 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             




















TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Texas Lawyers fast and easy. Search for an attorney in Texas by top Texas cities or by your specific city. Or search for Texas attorneys by county. Or refine your search for Texas lawyers by legal practice area.  Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Texas attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Texas will offer free legal consultations and all have Texas law expertise.




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 















  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




























Lawyer.com - Dallas Lawyer


















Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!






 
                              Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involoves. Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                  Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                  Terms of Use, and 
                                   Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                                




















Texas / Dallas Lawyer






                  Dallas Lawyer, Texas                







  SPONSORED LAWYERS

1-10 of 182 matches. Page 1 of 19   






Jeffrey  Benton✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Car Accident, Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Products Liability

Were you or a loved one injured in Dallas as the result of someone else’s negligence? If so, you’ve come to the right place. Dallas personal injur... (more)
CONTACT800-598-6761
 1825 Market Center Boulevard, Dallas, TX 75207 Profile LAWPOINTS™66/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Knox  Fitzpatrick✓ VERIFIEDCriminal, DUI-DWI, Accident & Injury, Government Agencies, Lawsuit & Dispute

After earning a statewide reputation for excellence as a prosecutor, Knox Fitzpatrick, in 1994, brought his formidable trial skills and gift for le... (more)
CONTACT800-906-8490
 2515 McKinney Avenue, Dallas, TX 75201 Profile LAWPOINTS™61/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Victor Calvin Johnson✓ VERIFIEDIntellectual Property, Litigation

Victor Johnson is an intellectual property and business litigator. He assists clients ranging from Fortune 500 to start-ups involving all types of int... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-953-2840
 1717 Main St., Dallas, TX 75201 Profile LAWPOINTS™63/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


John R. Teakell✓ VERIFIEDDUI-DWI, Criminal, White Collar Crime

John Teakell has a focused criminal law and securities background with over 20 years of court room experience. He has a thorough knowledge of both fed... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT
 2911 Turtle Creek Blvd., Dallas, TX 75219 Profile LAWPOINTS™61/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers





Richard L. Arnold✓ VERIFIEDWrongful Death, Products Liability, Accident & Injury, Civil & Human Rights, Employment

Richard Arnold is a trial lawyer with over thirty years of litigation experience.  He is certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization in both ... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-689-4580
 3219 McKinney Avenue, Dallas, TX 75204 Profile LAWPOINTS™58/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Richard  Weaver✓ VERIFIEDBankruptcy & Debt, Bankruptcy, Collection, Credit & Debt, Workout

Weaver & Associates is the leading Law Office for Bankruptcy Representation in Texas. Learn about properly filing bankruptcy both for consumers as wel... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT
 3333 Lee Pkwy, Dallas, TX 75219 Profile LAWPOINTS™59/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


John Robert Howie✓ VERIFIEDAccident & Injury, Wrongful Death, Car Accident, Products Liability, Personal Injury
Representation of those injured or killed at the fault of another.
JOHN R. HOWIE, JR., is an accomplished trial attorney who focuses his practice on personal injury cases, including trucking and auto accidents, bad fa... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-826-1861
 2608 Hibernia Street, Dallas, TX 75204 Profile LAWPOINTS™57/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Louis  Cole✓ VERIFIEDReal Estate, Business, Business Organization, Merger & Acquisition

Louis Cole attended Baylor University and graduated from the Baylor School of Law. He is currently a member of the State Bar of Texas and the Dallas B... (more)
CONTACT800-966-7450
 3710 Rawlins Street, Dallas, TX 75219 Profile LAWPOINTS™59/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Gregory Sinclair Beane✓ VERIFIEDDivorce, Child Custody, Alimony & Spousal Support, Collaborative Law, Prenuptial Agreements

Every family law matter, just like every person, is different.  As such, Greg Beane provides each client with personalized attention throughout each s... (more)
CONTACT800-878-7601
 4311 Oak Lawn Avenue, Dallas, TX 75219 Profile LAWPOINTS™63/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers


Gary Warren Sibley✓ VERIFIEDPersonal Injury, Commercial Real Estate, Family Law, DUI-DWI, Business Organization

Gary Sibley is a practicing attorney in the state of Texas. He graduated from Baylor Law School with his J.D. in 1973. He currently works for Sibley, ... (more)
FREE CONSULTATION CONTACT800-938-8141
 3333 Lee Parkway, Dallas, TX 75219 Profile LAWPOINTS™55/100LAWPOINTS™ measure the overall completeness of a Lawyer's profile. More complete profiles are ranked higher and help visitors select the right lawyer faster.We help paid Members build more complete and informative profiles.LAWPOINTS™ do not measure a Lawyer's reputation. More Info for Lawyers










 800-923-0641


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690











Call me for fastest results!800-943-8690


Free Help: Use This Form or Call 800-943-8690


























                               By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                                Terms of Use, and 
                                 Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                             






















 
TIPSLawyer.com makes finding Dallas Lawyers fast and easy. Refine your search for Dallas lawyers by legal practice area. Find a quality and affordable lawyer by reviewing detail profiles for Dallas attorneys. Many Lawyer.com featured Lawyers in Texas will offer free legal consultations and all have Texas law expertise.

SAMPLE LEGAL CASES


Bergin v. Texas Beef Group... On May 4, 1995, after it received three letters from the Bergins, Texas Beef filed suit
 against them in Randall County seeking a judgment declaring the Bergins' claims were
 barred by §§ 251.001-251.005 of the Texas Agriculture Code. ...
TXI Transp. Co. v. Hughes... III. The Illegal Immigrant Issue. TXI next argues that it was error to admit evidence of
 Rodriguez's immigration status and his misrepresentation of that status in order to live and
 work in this country. ... B. Use of Immigration Status as Impeachment Evidence. ...
Brooks v. StateWe granted discretionary review in this case to address, among other things, whether there is 
any meaningful distinction between a legal-sufficiency standard under Jackson v. Virginia [1] 
and a factual-sufficiency standard under Clewis v. State and whether there is a need to ... 



SORT BY:- Distance- Name- Location- LAWPOINTS™

FILTER BY:


Free Consultation
Male
Female
Suspended




PRACTICE AREAS


Accident & InjuryBankruptcy & DebtBusinessCivil & Human RightsConsumer RightsCriminalDivorce & Family LawEmploymentEnvironmental LawEstateGovernmentHealth CareImmigrationIndustry SpecialtiesIntellectual PropertyInternationalLawsuit & DisputeMotor VehicleReal EstateTaxOther 



NEARBY CITY SUGGESTIONS

AbileneAmarilloArlingtonAustinBeaumontCorpus ChristiDallasDentonEl PasoFort WorthGalvestonHoustonLubbockMidlandSan AntonioTylerVictoriaWacoWichita Falls













  
    








QuickSearch
                         
                        


 near 

 

                          GO
                        









Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                    My Account



                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:






Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Wrongful Death     Workers' CompensationBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Trusts     Wills & Probate     Power of AttorneyGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate     Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney





Location:

miles
                                          


Search










Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources








Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan


Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money with affordablefamily legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protection and more!




See All Benefits
» Join Now








Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International








My Account Details

Member Login PageForgot Password?New user? Sign Up 










Login









Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog




























Mr. Edward Stead - Attorney in Dallas, TX - Lawyer.com























Ask A Lawyer
Tell Us Your Case Information for Fastest Lawyer Match!








                    Please include all relevant details from your case including where, when, and who it involves.                                          
                    Case details that can effectively describe the legal situation while also staying concise generally receive the best responses from lawyers.
                




Briefly Describe Your Case:









Your Contact Info:


name



Cell Phone Number



Email





Your Case Location:

zip





By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                            Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                            Terms of Use, and 
                             Privacy Policy. Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                            
















TexasDallasEdward Stead


Mr. Edward B. Stead








Edward B. Stead 
                                    



General Practice




Law School:

St. John's J.D. 1973



Status:
In Good Standing


Licensed:
27 years














2900 Mckinnon St
75201
Dallas
TX









                                Profile LAWPOINTS™26/100
                            



                        No Misconduct Found✓


Upgrade to a premium listing


Update your listing




LAWYERID™STJ-973-1004





















                    Contact Mr.  Stead















Briefly Describe Your Case:










Your Contact Info:








Your Case Location:



  FREE: Also send inquiry to other qualified local Lawyers.











                By submitting this lawyer request, I confirm I have read and agree to the 
                Consent to Receive Email, Phone, Text Messages, 
                Terms of Use, and 
                 Privacy Policy.  Information provided may not be privileged or confidential.
                



                                                  Submit
                                                










×Close
Would you like us to contact more lawyers?



Click below to submit your inquiry to more local lawyers (for free!).Save time, get options, and find the perfect match!

Send to Local Lawyers
No, Thanks, I only want Edward B. Stead .









TOP LOCAL LAWYERS










Knox Fitzpatrick
Criminal, DUI-DWI, Accident & Injury, Government Agencies, Lawsuit & Dispute
Dallas, TX 75201 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




John Robert Howie
Accident & Injury, Wrongful Death, Car Accident, Products Liability, Personal Injury
Dallas, TX 75204 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




John R. Teakell
DUI-DWI, Criminal, White Collar Crime
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT








Richard L. Arnold
Wrongful Death, Products Liability, Accident & Injury, Civil & Human Rights, Employment
Dallas, TX 75204 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Jeffrey Benton
Accident & Injury, Car Accident, Personal Injury, Wrongful Death, Products Liability
Dallas, TX 75207 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Gary Warren Sibley
Personal Injury, Commercial Real Estate, Family Law, DUI-DWI, Business Organization
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT








Richard Weaver
Bankruptcy & Debt, Bankruptcy, Collection, Credit & Debt, Workout
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Louis Cole
Real Estate, Business, Business Organization, Merger & Acquisition
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Victor Calvin Johnson
Intellectual Property, Litigation
Dallas, TX 75201 (Dallas County)





CONTACT








Gregory Sinclair Beane
Divorce, Child Custody, Alimony & Spousal Support, Collaborative Law, Prenuptial Agreements
Dallas, TX 75219 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




Andrew Rohe
Immigration, Accident & Injury, Criminal, Lawsuit & Dispute
Dallas, TX 75208 (Dallas County)





CONTACT




John Holman Barr
Accident & Injury, Insurance, Elder Law, Estate
Dallas, TX 75203 (Dallas County)





CONTACT











Education






School
Degree
Major
Graduation




St. John's University School of Law
J.D.
Law School
1973


St Lawrence Univ; Canton NY
N/A
N/A
N/A






Admission






State / Court
Date




Texas
1999


California
1991


California Northern District Court
N/A


Illinois
N/A


Illinois Northern District Court
N/A


Massachusetts
N/A


New York
N/A


Texas Northern District Court
N/A


US Supreme Court
N/A


US Supreme Court
N/A






Additional Info



TX State Lawyer Additional Information:
Statutory Profile Last Certification Date: 01/12/2017
Primary Practice Location: Dallas, Texas
Service Type:General


Update Date:2017-03-28




Lawyer Badges


















32.7954355,-96.8085696













MAIN LOCATION


2900 Mckinnon StDallas, TX 75201




SAMPLE LEGAL CASES



President Trump States That He Would Stick With List of Potential Nominees for Future SCOTUS Vacancy

                    President Donald Trump told the Washington Times in an interview that in the event another Supreme Court seat opens, he would pick a nominee from his campaign list of potential nominees.
                




CLIENT APPRECIATION EVENT 2017 – MARK YOUR CALENDARS!

                    MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
                


















                                         
                                    








QuickSearch 
                                                            




near





                                                                            GO
                                                                        







Lawyer Search


Legal Protection Plan


For Lawyers



                                                    My Account



                                                    About Us










Broad Search:

Keyword:





Practice Area:


Please Select (optional)
Accident & Injury     All Accident & Injury     Animal Bite     Asbestos & Mesothelioma     Aviation Accident     Car Accident     Defamation & Slander     Malpractice     Medical Malpractice     Personal Injury     Products Liability     Property Damage     Railroad Injury     Slip & Fall Accident     Toxic Mold & Tort     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful DeathBankruptcy & Debt     All Bankruptcy & Debt     Bankruptcy     Collection     Credit & Debt     Reorganization     WorkoutBusiness     All Business     Administrative Law     Antitrust     Banking & Finance     Business Organization     Contract     Corporate     Insurance     Merger & Acquisition     SecuritiesCivil & Human Rights     All Civil & Human Rights     Civil Rights     Constitutional Law     Discrimination     Elder Law     Native PeopleConsumer Rights     All Consumer Rights     Consumer Protection     Identity TheftCriminal     All Criminal     DUI-DWI     Felony     Misdemeanor     RICO Act     Traffic     White Collar CrimeDivorce & Family Law     All Divorce & Family Law     Adoption     Child Custody     Child Support     Divorce     Family LawEmployment     All Employment     Employee Rights     Employment Contracts     Employment Discrimination     Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA)     Labor Law     Occupational Safety & Health     Pension & Benefits     Sexual Harassment     Whistleblower     Workers' Compensation     Wrongful TerminationEnvironmental Law     All Environmental Law     Natural Resources     Waste & Pollution     Environmental Law OtherEstate     All Estate     Estate Planning     Power of Attorney     Trusts     Wills & ProbateGovernment     All Government     Election & Political     Government Agencies     Government Contract     Legislative Practice     Permits     Public Interest Law     Social Security     State and Local     US Courts     WelfareHealth Care     All Health Care     Medical Products & Devices     Medicare & Medicaid     Pharmaceutical Product     Health Care OtherImmigration     All Immigration     Deportation     VisaIndustry Specialties     All Industry Specialties     Admiralty & Maritime     Advertising     Agriculture     Aviation     Communication & Media Law     Energy     Entertainment     Gaming & Alcohol     Oil & Gas     Science, Technology & Internet     Transportation & Shipping     Other IndustriesIntellectual Property     All Intellectual Property     Copyright     International Intellectual Property     Patent     TrademarkInternational     All International     Foreign Investment     International Tax     International Trade     International OtherLawsuit & Dispute     All Lawsuit & Dispute     Arbitration     Class Action     Dispute Resolution     Lawsuit     Litigation     MediationMotor Vehicle     All Motor Vehicle     Defect and Lemon Law     TrafficReal Estate     All Real Estate   Timeshare     Construction     Eminent Domain     Foreclosure     Land Use & Zoning     Landlord-Tenant     Real Estate OtherTax     All Tax     Corporate Tax     Income Tax     Sales & Use Tax     Tax LitigationOther     All Other     Education     Ethics     Juvenile Law     Military     Power of Attorney




Location:



                                                                             miles
                                                                            

Search









Advanced Search:





Lawyers
Law Firms
Practice Areas
International
Articles
Law Schools
Resources









Lawyer.com Legal Protection Plan

Prepaid legal service that can help youand your family save money withaffordable family legal insurance.
Unlimited 60-minute free consultations
Save 25% on legal fees
Up to $1 Million identity theft protectionand more!




 

See All Benefits
» Join Now







Premium Membership

For Lawyers
Benefits
Partner Discounts
Preferred Partners
Law Firms



Additional Services

LawyerLine™
LawSite Express
TopFirm Listings
AdWords Review
Jumpstart Package
SEO Review
Website Evaluation



Resources

Profile LawPoints
Sponsorships
Legal Articles
CLE Class
Seconds Count
International







My Account Details

Member Login Page
Forgot Password?
New user? Sign Up



Log in to Lawyer.com







Log in








Company Information
Lawyer.com Team
Company Culture
News & Press Releases




Contact Us
Lawyer FAQ
Testimonials




Privacy Policy
Settlement Blog
Legal Marketing Blog
































 





John Edward Stead - Wikipedia





















 






John Edward Stead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

John Edward Stead FRS (11 October 1851 – 31 October 1923) was a British metallurgist, elected to the Royal Society in 1903. He worked for the Bolckow Vaughan and was President of the Iron and Steel Institute.[1][2]
His brother was William Thomas Stead, prominent newspaper editor who perished on the RMS Titanic when it sank in April 1912.[3]



Contents


1 Achievements
2 Legacy
3 References
4 External links



Achievements[edit]
For his work in the metallurgical field, Stead received three honorary doctorates, was made a fellow of the Royal Society and, in 1901, was awarded the Bessemer Gold Medal from the Iron and Steel Institute.
Legacy[edit]
In memory of his - and his wife Mary's - social work[3] in the Teesside area, his home, the Everdon villa in Redcar, was converted into the Stead Memorial Hospital after his death in 1923. It opened in 1929, and, after growing to become the town's primary care hospital, closed in 2010. As of 2013, it is currently undergoing demolition.
References[edit]



^ "Dictionary of Scientific Biography"
^ "John Edward Stead". gracesguide.co.uk. 27 August 2009. Retrieved 11 September 2013. 
^ a b "A Legend's Brother". thenorthernecho.co.uk. 15 July 2013. Retrieved 11 September 2013. 




External links[edit]

Works by or about John Edward Stead at Internet Archive





This article about an engineer, inventor or industrial designer from the United Kingdom or its predecessor states is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Edward_Stead&oldid=723002669"					
Categories: 1851 births1923 deathsFellows of the Royal SocietyBritish engineer stubsHidden categories: Use dmy dates from February 2014Use British English from February 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 31 May 2016, at 11:39.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Edward Stead - Wikipedia





















 






John Edward Stead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

John Edward Stead FRS (11 October 1851 – 31 October 1923) was a British metallurgist, elected to the Royal Society in 1903. He worked for the Bolckow Vaughan and was President of the Iron and Steel Institute.[1][2]
His brother was William Thomas Stead, prominent newspaper editor who perished on the RMS Titanic when it sank in April 1912.[3]



Contents


1 Achievements
2 Legacy
3 References
4 External links



Achievements[edit]
For his work in the metallurgical field, Stead received three honorary doctorates, was made a fellow of the Royal Society and, in 1901, was awarded the Bessemer Gold Medal from the Iron and Steel Institute.
Legacy[edit]
In memory of his - and his wife Mary's - social work[3] in the Teesside area, his home, the Everdon villa in Redcar, was converted into the Stead Memorial Hospital after his death in 1923. It opened in 1929, and, after growing to become the town's primary care hospital, closed in 2010. As of 2013, it is currently undergoing demolition.
References[edit]



^ "Dictionary of Scientific Biography"
^ "John Edward Stead". gracesguide.co.uk. 27 August 2009. Retrieved 11 September 2013. 
^ a b "A Legend's Brother". thenorthernecho.co.uk. 15 July 2013. Retrieved 11 September 2013. 




External links[edit]

Works by or about John Edward Stead at Internet Archive





This article about an engineer, inventor or industrial designer from the United Kingdom or its predecessor states is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Edward_Stead&oldid=723002669"					
Categories: 1851 births1923 deathsFellows of the Royal SocietyBritish engineer stubsHidden categories: Use dmy dates from February 2014Use British English from February 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 31 May 2016, at 11:39.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Edward Stead - Wikipedia





















 






John Edward Stead

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

John Edward Stead FRS (11 October 1851 – 31 October 1923) was a British metallurgist, elected to the Royal Society in 1903. He worked for the Bolckow Vaughan and was President of the Iron and Steel Institute.[1][2]
His brother was William Thomas Stead, prominent newspaper editor who perished on the RMS Titanic when it sank in April 1912.[3]



Contents


1 Achievements
2 Legacy
3 References
4 External links



Achievements[edit]
For his work in the metallurgical field, Stead received three honorary doctorates, was made a fellow of the Royal Society and, in 1901, was awarded the Bessemer Gold Medal from the Iron and Steel Institute.
Legacy[edit]
In memory of his - and his wife Mary's - social work[3] in the Teesside area, his home, the Everdon villa in Redcar, was converted into the Stead Memorial Hospital after his death in 1923. It opened in 1929, and, after growing to become the town's primary care hospital, closed in 2010. As of 2013, it is currently undergoing demolition.
References[edit]



^ "Dictionary of Scientific Biography"
^ "John Edward Stead". gracesguide.co.uk. 27 August 2009. Retrieved 11 September 2013. 
^ a b "A Legend's Brother". thenorthernecho.co.uk. 15 July 2013. Retrieved 11 September 2013. 




External links[edit]

Works by or about John Edward Stead at Internet Archive





This article about an engineer, inventor or industrial designer from the United Kingdom or its predecessor states is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.


v
t
e









 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Edward_Stead&oldid=723002669"					
Categories: 1851 births1923 deathsFellows of the Royal SocietyBritish engineer stubsHidden categories: Use dmy dates from February 2014Use British English from February 2014Articles with Internet Archive linksAll stub articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 31 May 2016, at 11:39.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






