










UNITED GUARANTY CORP. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





UNITED GUARANTY CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
UNITED GUARANTY CORP.


Company Address
230 N. ELM STREETGREENSBORO, NC 27401


Company Phone
336-373-0232


Company Website
www.ugcorp.com


CEO
Donna DeMaio


Employees  (as of 3/31/2016) 
1050


State of Inc
DE


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Withdrawn (12/30/2016)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
NYSE


Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$100,000,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001670171




We will not receive any proceeds from the sale by the selling shareholder of our
common stock in this offering.


The U.S. private mortgage insurance industry is highly competitive. Private
mortgage insurers generally compete on the basis of pricing, terms and
conditions, underwriting guidelines, loss management practices, financial
strength, certainty of coverage, reputation, customer relationships, service,
technology, innovation and ease of use. The private mortgage insurance industry
currently consists of seven active private mortgage insurers, including us and
each of Arch Capital Group Ltd., Essent Group Ltd., Genworth Financial, Inc.,
MGIC Investment Corporation, NMI Holdings, Inc. and Radian Group Inc. We believe
that our long-standing operating history, strong and diverse customer
relationships, proprietary risk-based pricing framework and robust financial
strength differentiate us from our competitors and have allowed us to maintain
our leadership position in a competitive environment.

We and other private mortgage insurers also compete with federal and state
governmental and quasi-governmental agencies that provide mortgage insurance,
including the FHA and the VA. Currently this competition is principally on the
basis of price and terms. In addition to competition from the FHA and the VA, we
and other private mortgage insurers face limited competition from
state-sponsored mortgage insurance funds in several states, including California
and New York. From time to time, other state legislatures and agencies consider
expanding the authority of their state governments to insure residential
mortgages. We also believe that certain large bank lenders are evaluating
alternative low down payment mortgage products that would not require mortgage
insurance. We believe such discussions are driven by recent settlements between
lenders and the FHA, perceived buyback risk of FHA loans and general FHA
regulatory uncertainty. The introduction of such products may also have an
effect on the private mortgage insurance market.

Additionally, our industry competes with products designed to eliminate the need
for private mortgage insurance, such as “piggyback loans,” which combine a
first-lien loan with a second-lien loan in order to meet the 80% LTV threshold
required for sale to the GSEs without certain credit protections. In addition,
we compete with investors willing to hold credit risk on their own balance
sheets without credit enhancement, front-end risk sharing structures that do not
require private mortgage insurance on loans sold to the GSEs and, in some
markets, with alternative forms of credit enhancement such as structured finance
products and derivatives.


Company Description
We are the leading private mortgage insurance company in the United States. We
were formed in 1963 and have been a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIG since 1981.
We believe that our position as the leader in the U.S. private mortgage
insurance market reflects our long-standing operating history, strong


 and
diverse customer relationships, proprietary risk-based pricing framework and
robust financial strength.

Private mortgage insurance plays a key role in the U.S. housing finance system
by protecting mortgage lenders and investors against default on a portion of the
unpaid principal balance of a covered mortgage. Private mortgage insurers help
mitigate mortgage credit risk and facilitate the sale of mortgages to Fannie Mae
or Freddie Mac, which we refer to as the GSEs, and the secondary market. Such
credit protection and secondary market sales allow lenders to increase their
capacity for mortgage commitments and expand financing access to prospective
homeowners.

We have a large and diverse customer base. Our long-standing presence in the
private mortgage insurance market has allowed us to build customer relationships
with many of the nation’s largest and highest quality lenders, including
national and regional mortgage banks, money center banks, credit unions,
community banks, builder-owned mortgage lenders and internet-sourced lenders. We
have active relationships (defined as customers who delivered new insurance
written (“NIW”) during the 12 months ended December 31, 2015) with over 1,800
customers. Our customer base is broadly diversified by lender size, type and
geography, with no one customer representing more than 8% of our NIW during the
three months ended March 31, 2016. We have a national sales force of
approximately 100 professionals, which we believe to be one of the largest in
the industry, that helps drive growth in our client franchise.

We use a proprietary risk selection engine and pricing strategy that we believe
differentiate us from our competitors. Following the financial crisis, we
developed and implemented our proprietary Risk Quality Index (“RQI”) and
Performance Premium models, which draw on over a decade of historical loan and
mortgage insurance data. RQI utilizes over fifteen predictive variables to
assess the likelihood of default on a given loan and assign a proprietary risk
score. We use RQI to select which loans to insure, and, for most new business,
in determining pricing on an individualized basis. The RQI score for each
individual loan is a core component of our Performance Premium risk-based
pricing model. Under our Performance Premium model, we have the flexibility to
set and charge premium rates commensurate with the underlying risk of each loan
that we underwrite. We believe that our proprietary RQI and Performance Premium 
models provide us with a more granular and analytical approach to selecting and
pricing risk, and that this approach yields a high-quality mortgage insurance 
portfolio and attractive risk-adjusted returns.

We have a large and high-quality book of existing in-force mortgage insurance
policies with $184.2 billion of insurance in force (“IIF”) and $47.7 billion of
gross risk in force (“RIF”) as of March 31, 2016. Gross RIF is the aggregate
amount of coverage we provide on all outstanding policies at a given date
without any reduction from reinsurance ceded or exposures on policies for which
loss reserves have been established. As of March 31, 2016, 83.6% of our gross
RIF was written after 2008. Mortgages originated after 2008 are generally
perceived to be of a higher credit quality than those originated prior to the
financial crisis. Following the financial crisis lenders have limited the
availability of loans to borrowers with high Fair Isaac Corporation credit
scores (“FICO scores”) and low ratios of debt to income who can fully document
their financial position and have also sought to extend loans with lower
loan-to-value ratios (“LTVs”). As of March 31, 2016, our portfolio had an
average FICO score of 738 and an average LTV of 92.2%, and only 3.1% of our
insured policies were reported to be delinquent. We believe that these
characteristics show the credit quality of our gross RIF and overall portfolio.

In addition to our primary business of writing first-lien mortgage insurance in
the United States, we offer loan evaluation and contract underwriting services
on a selective basis and have certain insurance portfolios that are currently in
run-off. We use the term run-off to describe businesses in which we are no
longer actively writing new policies and do not currently intend to resume such
activity. For the three months ended March 31, 2016 and the year ended
December 31, 2015, our loan evaluation and contract underwriting services
collectively accounted for less than 1% of our income before income tax. Our
run-off portfolios generated $11.6 million and $53.6 million of income before
income tax for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and the year ended
December 31, 2015, respectively, and accounted for approximately 1% of our gross
RIF as of March 31, 2016.
---

United Guaranty Corp. was formed as a Delaware corporation on March 3, 2016 by
AIG to act as a holding company for United Guaranty Corporation, our North
Carolina intermediate holding company, and its subsidiaries. UGC is a newly
incorporated entity and has had no business transactions or activities to date
and had no material assets or liabilities during the periods presented in this
prospectus. Prior to this offering, UGC has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of
AIG. AIG will contribute 100% of the common stock of UGCNC to UGC in connection
with this offering. Our business was founded in 1963 as a predecessor to UGCNC,
a North Carolina corporation, and UGCNC has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
AIG since 1981. We operate our business through our insurance company 
subsidiaries.

Our principal executive offices are located at 230 N. Elm Street, Greensboro,
North Carolina 27401, and our main telephone number is (336) 373-0232. Our
internet address is www.ugcorp.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$283,533,000


Net Income
$83,177,000


Total Assets
$5,123,191,000






Total Liabilities
$1,871,615,000


Stockholders' Equity
$3,251,576,000




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 3 Total: 3
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



UNITED GUARANTY CORP.
RW
12/30/2016
Filing



UNITED GUARANTY CORP.
S-1/A
5/20/2016
Filing



UNITED GUARANTY CORP.
S-1
3/30/2016
Filing







Experts


Auditor
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


Company Counsel
Sullivan & Cromwell LLP


Lead Underwriter
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC


Lead Underwriter
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Underwriter Counsel
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































About United Guaranty | United Guaranty






































Skip to Main Content













































Home
About United Guaranty





United Guaranty and Arch MI are now one company. Read the full announcement at archmi.com.

About United Guaranty
For more than 50 years, United Guaranty has provided the best in mortgage insurance products and services to mortgage lenders and credit unions of all sizes. Today we also offer expert risk management and financial services to help you protect your investments and expand your markets. Established in Greensboro, N.C., in 1963, United Guaranty now employs more than 900 professionals and support staff at its headquarters and in locations throughout the country.
Mortgage insurance, or simply "MI," helps people buy a house with only a modest down payment. This is because MI protects lenders against the increased risk of borrower default related to mortgages with high loan-to-value (LTV) ratios. With MI, a mortgage lender can lend a greater portion of the value of a house instead of only 80 percent.
Products and Services:
United Guaranty provides an array of products and services, including first-lien mortgage guaranty insurance in a range of premium payment plans. United Guaranty is the only MI provider to offer Performance Premium® risk-based MI pricing.
Homeowner Support:
United Guaranty also works with homeowners who are behind on their mortgage payments to identify ways to keep their home. As a liaison between the borrower and the mortgage servicer, United Guaranty provides the added support some homeowners need to make their payments current and avoid foreclosure.
Our Companies:

United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company—mortgage guaranty insurance on conventional first mortgages for residential property.
United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company of North Carolina and United Guaranty Credit Insurance Company—default insurance for closed-end second mortgages and home equity lines of credit.
United Guaranty Commercial Insurance Company of North Carolina—student loan default insurance for loans made to undergraduate and graduate students enrolled in approved four-year public or private colleges and universities.
United Guaranty Services, Inc.—contract underwriting, customer billing, and underwriting operations to support affiliate companies of United Guaranty Corporation.
United Guaranty Mortgage Indemnity Company—mortgage guaranty insurance for high-LTV loans and other mortgage products in the U.S. and reinsurance coverage of first-lien residential home mortgages in Hong Kong.
International—United Guaranty's International Group currently provides credit risk management solutions globally for high-LTV residential lending. Our office locations in  Hong Kong and Europe provide superior customer service, claims payment, and risk management support. For additional information, please contact us at Global.MI@ugcorp.com or visit our international website at www.aiguginternational.com.







Go to MI Guide
					
























































Underwriting | Lenders | United Guaranty






































Skip to Main Content













































Home
Lenders
Underwriting







 Underwriting
			
This section contains links to our underwriting requirements, as well as quick reference guides and loan origination requirements, and forms. Click on any of the links below for more information:



Underwriting Guidelines and Resources
Day One Protection
Rescission Relief
How to Submit a Loan




Expired Commitments
Quality Assurance
Contract Services






Related Links

MI Options
How to Get a Quote
Affordable Housing

QM & QMI
Underwriting

















































United Guaranty Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 10:59 PM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of United Guaranty Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
United Guaranty Corporation offers mortgage insurance products that provide mortgage lenders and investors protection against default on a portion of the unpaid principal balance of a covered mortgage in the United States. It also provides first-lien mortgage insurance in Hong Kong. The company was founded in 1963 and is headquarters in Greensboro, North Carolina. As of December 31, 2016, United Guaranty Corporation operates as a subsidiary of Arch Mortgage Insurance Company.


230 North Elm StreetGreensboro, NC 27401United StatesFounded in 19631,061 Employees



Phone: 336-373-0232

www.ugcorp.com







Key Executives for United Guaranty Corporation




Mr. Charles Compton


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Brian Gould


      	Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 45
        







Mr. Andy Charles


      	CEO of Canada Guaranty Mortgage Insurance Co. & President of Canada Guaranty Mortgage Insurance Co.
      








Mr. Alan Atkins


      	President of Domestic Consumer Group and Group Executive of Domestic Consumer Group
      








Mr. Joseph Weider


      	Chief Information Officer, Chief Business Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 48
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

United Guaranty Corporation Key Developments

AIG United Guaranty Insurance (Asia) Limited, Arch Capital Group Ltd., United Guaranty Corporation - M&A Call
Aug 15 16
To discuss definitive agreement to acquire United Guaranty Corporation and AIG United Guaranty Insurance (Asia) Limited


AIG Files SEC Statement On Possible Sale Of Mortgage Insurer
Mar 31 16
American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) took a step closer to selling its mortgage guaranty business with the latter's filing of a prospectus with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. In the prospectus United Guaranty Corporation said it is seeking to sell itself as soon as practicable. The filing lists the proposed maximum aggregate offering price United Guaranty as $100 million. United Guaranty said in the filing it was formed by AIG as a separate entity on March 3 as a step toward its eventual sale along with its subsidiaries, which had previously been direct subsidiaries of AIG. United Guaranty's possible sale was among several moves outlined by AIG when it unveiled a strategy that includes the divestiture of what it considers legacy businesses. "There are no sacred cows," AIG Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock said in a conference call on AIG's strategy at the time. Hancock added AIG is looking to accelerate its streamlining efforts over the next two years, and will consider divesting even some of its biggest business units if it makes sense, but added the group will not do so if the timing isn't right. In a March 31 interview with CNBC, Hancock said he would hate to sort of jump the gun on a possible sale price for United Guaranty. AIG spokesman Jon Diat said the company has no comment beyond the SEC filing.


UGC Mulls IPO
Jan 26 16
American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIxG) said that its board has committed to return at least $25 billion of capital to shareholders over the next two years via buybacks and dividends without compromising the utilization of AIG's deferred tax assets. AIG also said it will pursue an initial public offering of United Guaranty Corporation (UGC) in mid-2016 to sell up to 19.9% of the outstanding shares, subject to regulatory and GSE approval, as a first step towards a full separation.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Atlantic Surety Company United States 212 Capital Group, LLC United States 21st Century Life and Health Company, Inc. United States 3 Mark Financial, Inc. United States 534 Las Americas, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact United Guaranty Corporation, please visit www.ugcorp.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























About United Guaranty | United Guaranty






































Skip to Main Content













































Home
About United Guaranty





United Guaranty and Arch MI are now one company. Read the full announcement at archmi.com.

About United Guaranty
For more than 50 years, United Guaranty has provided the best in mortgage insurance products and services to mortgage lenders and credit unions of all sizes. Today we also offer expert risk management and financial services to help you protect your investments and expand your markets. Established in Greensboro, N.C., in 1963, United Guaranty now employs more than 900 professionals and support staff at its headquarters and in locations throughout the country.
Mortgage insurance, or simply "MI," helps people buy a house with only a modest down payment. This is because MI protects lenders against the increased risk of borrower default related to mortgages with high loan-to-value (LTV) ratios. With MI, a mortgage lender can lend a greater portion of the value of a house instead of only 80 percent.
Products and Services:
United Guaranty provides an array of products and services, including first-lien mortgage guaranty insurance in a range of premium payment plans. United Guaranty is the only MI provider to offer Performance Premium® risk-based MI pricing.
Homeowner Support:
United Guaranty also works with homeowners who are behind on their mortgage payments to identify ways to keep their home. As a liaison between the borrower and the mortgage servicer, United Guaranty provides the added support some homeowners need to make their payments current and avoid foreclosure.
Our Companies:

United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company—mortgage guaranty insurance on conventional first mortgages for residential property.
United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company of North Carolina and United Guaranty Credit Insurance Company—default insurance for closed-end second mortgages and home equity lines of credit.
United Guaranty Commercial Insurance Company of North Carolina—student loan default insurance for loans made to undergraduate and graduate students enrolled in approved four-year public or private colleges and universities.
United Guaranty Services, Inc.—contract underwriting, customer billing, and underwriting operations to support affiliate companies of United Guaranty Corporation.
United Guaranty Mortgage Indemnity Company—mortgage guaranty insurance for high-LTV loans and other mortgage products in the U.S. and reinsurance coverage of first-lien residential home mortgages in Hong Kong.
International—United Guaranty's International Group currently provides credit risk management solutions globally for high-LTV residential lending. Our office locations in  Hong Kong and Europe provide superior customer service, claims payment, and risk management support. For additional information, please contact us at Global.MI@ugcorp.com or visit our international website at www.aiguginternational.com.







Go to MI Guide
					
























































How to Get a Quote | Lenders | United Guaranty






































Skip to Main Content













































Home
Lenders
How to Get a Quote







 How to Get a Quote
			
United Guaranty provides a variety of options for getting a rate quote. With United Guaranty's Secure Quote®, your Performance Premium® rate quote will not be affected by pricing changes for 90 days. You will have rate stability potential from quote to MI.
MI NOW Mobile App
The fastest way to get a rate quote. The MI NOW app was designed specifically for smart phones with an interface that is easy to read and navigate. Learn more
Rate Runner
Getting an instant MI quote is easy with Rate Runner®, United Guaranty's secure online rate calculator. Once you sign in and enter your loan information into Rate Runner, you can get an instant quote, save the quote for future reference, and use MI Compare to run side-by-side comparisons to pick the MI option that's best for your customer.
This user-friendly rate quote system features an intuitive screen design and programming logic that displays only the fields that apply to your loan. It also compares multiple MI payment options and offers an easy-to-download rate quote PDF.


 Access Rate Runner


Need a login?
Request an Account



Your Company Rate Link
One click takes you to Performance Premium pricing specific to your company, without having to log in. Contact your United Guaranty Account Representative for more information about a co-branded link.
Product & Pricing Engine (P&PE)
Get multi-product rate estimates and quotes directly from your Product & Pricing Engine.
Loan Origination System (LOS)
Connection to more than 20 Loan Origination System options that allow you to get a quote and/or order mortgage insurance directly from the LOS.
Rate Runner is designed to be used for first mortgages only.
The rate information provided is for informational purposes only, and is not intended to represent results that may be outside of our underwriting guidelines. It is possible that one or more of the variables within your criteria are outside of our underwriting guidelines. Loans with these characteristics may not be eligible for United Guaranty mortgage insurance. A final rate will be provided when the commitment of insurance is obtained from United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company. Rates are subject to change. Please contact your Account Executive for additional information.



Related Links

MI Options
How to Get a Quote
Affordable Housing

QM & QMI
Underwriting



Secure Quote FAQs
Rate Runner FAQs




















































Contact Us | United Guaranty







































Skip to Main Content













































Home
Customer Service



 Customer Service

United Guaranty and Arch MI are now one company. United Guaranty customer service contacts remain fully operational at this time, and until further notice. Call or email us today!


Call
877.MI.CHOICE (877.642.4642)
Monday–Friday, 8:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m. EST
				Servicing representatives available 8:30 a.m.–8:00 p.m.
				Claims representatives available 8:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.


Full-File Underwriting Customer Service
Delegated Underwriting Customer Service
ReadiResource Center® (technical support)
Loan Servicing
Claims Customer Service
Loan Modifications, Consumer Payments, and Recoveries

Email

Activations, Cancellations, Transfers and Billing
UGC:servicing

Claims
UGC:ugclaimstatus

Loan Modifications
UGC:loanmods

Loan Origination & Underwriting
UGC:customerservice

ReadiResource
UGC:readirep


Mail
Corporate Headquarters
Please do not send checks to this address.
				230 N. Elm Street
				Greensboro, NC 27401
			
New Insurance Premiums, Renewal Premiums, Shortages, and Payments
Please include your remittance with your payments.

Wells Fargo
				United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company
				P.O. Box 60957
				Charlotte, NC 28260
			
For overnight delivery:
				Wells Fargo
				United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company
				Lock Box 60957
				1525 West W.T. Harris Blvd. - 2C2
				Charlotte, NC 28262
			
To request setup for ACH payments, please email UGC:servicing.




Top 5 Sign-In Tips
For MI Guide Users
Download Now

Find Your Local Sales Rep
















































Lenders | United Guaranty






































Skip to Main Content













































Home
Lenders






Lenders

Welcome to United Guaranty's lender page. Here you can find information about our MI options using our risk-based pricing program, Performance Premium®, along with additional information about our rates and underwriting processes.

MI Options
Compare our insurance options to find what's best for your borrower.
How to Get a Quote
Find out how easy it is to get a rate quote with United Guaranty.
MI vs. FHA
One size doesn't fit all: compare us with FHA.


QM & QMI
MI options for all of your QM needs. 
Underwriting
All of our requirements, all in one place. 







Go to MI Guide
					









Fast. Simple. Smart.
Get a quote in less than 60 seconds.
Need Help Accessing MI NOW?
If you already have an MI Guide account you can download the app from the App Store and start quoting right away. If you need an MI Guide account, please use the "Request Account" feature on the mobile app.




















































UNITED GUARANTY CORPORATION Names of Competitors - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Competition


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Property/Casualty Insurance Carriers Industry Report


Insurance Carriers Industry Report















UNITED GUARANTY CORPORATION Competition


   United Guaranty is a private mortgage insurer, offering mortgage guaranty insurance to lenders for first-lien residential mortgages, as well as other contract services to assist mortgage lenders. (Mortgage insurance allows borrowers to purchase a house with a minimal down payment by providing protection to lenders.) The firm distributes its products through a broad range of lenders, including national and regional lenders, credit unions and community banks, and state housing finance agencies. United Guaranty operates primarily in the US, but is active in Asia, Europe, and South America. The company was founded in 1963. In early 2017, former parent AIG sold United Guaranty to Arch Capital for $3.3 billion.
  






Top Competitors for UNITED GUARANTY CORPORATION

        Get a clear understanding of a company’s competitive landscape.





Competitors




Mgic Investment Corporation


RADIAN GROUP INC.


Genworth Mortgage Insurance Corporation




Top Industries for UNITED GUARANTY CORPORATION
 Need to access more competitors? No problem.  Conduct competitive analysis, inform corporate strategy, and identify trends Get access to over 30 parameters including sales, employees, market cap, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant   Request Your Free Trial    Top IndustriesIdentify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.
View Industry Report




Industries




Property/Casualty Insurance Carriers


Insurance Carriers


2 Industries on file




Year Founded
1981
Annual Revenue (mil)

        $3030.7576




































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























United Guaranty Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















united guaranty corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Specialty Finance
Sub-Industry: Mortgage Finance
United Guaranty Corp. offers mortgage insurance products and services. The Company provides risk management and financial services, mortgage fraud recovery services, private education loan, contract underwriting customer billing, and underwriting operations. United Guaranty serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

230 North Elm Street
Greensboro, NC 27401
United States


Phone:
1-336-373-0232


Fax:
1-336-373-0174


Web url:
www.ugcorp.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Charles Compton


Exec VP/CFO




Brian Gould


Exec VP/COO




Thomas Parrent "Tom"


Exec VP/Chief Risk Officer




Joseph Weider


Exec VP/Chief Busisness Ofcr




Sara Millard


Senior VP/General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Welcome to United Guaranty






































Skip to Main Content

















































 








How to Get a Quote
 

MI Guide remains your portal for risk-based MI pricing
Continue to use our technology to quote, submit, and self-service your MI business.Learn More



Simple, Fast, Easy
 
Use the MI NOW mobile app for MI rate quotes on the go. 
Choose the method that works best for you.
Learn More



Home Buyers
 
Own a Home or Lookingto Buy?				  
Mortgage Insurance can help you in many ways.Learn More
Recursos para compradores de viviendas



Latest Updates
  
Welcome to Arch MI
Weâre excited that the two leaders in MI innovation have joined forces. Visit us at Arch MI, and watch for news about how weâre working to help you turn house hunters into homeowners.
Learn More




















































	Insurance Jobs at United Guaranty Corp











































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit
































































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















United Guaranty Corp














12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit











































7455 Arroyo Crossing Pkwy, 
Las Vegas, NV 89113







702-940-3500


















Is this Your Company?




















You are now following United Guaranty Corp.





You are already following United Guaranty Corp.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow United Guaranty Corp.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews









Career History Progress

 
                Education 
                

  
                Experience
                


                Skills
                


A friendly warning, your Career History is not complete. We highly recommend completing your Career History, it rounds out your professional image and of course helps with your Career search, Carrier Appointments and professional networking. You can easily import your information from LinkedIn or Facebook*. Completing your Career History is a powerful way to help Recruiters and Employers find you immediately.  
If you are thinking about exploring potential job opportunities, be sure to mark your profile as “Actively Seeking Employment” so that you show up on employers and recruiters search tools.


Import from Facebook
Edit Career History
Upload Resume





Please upload your Resume



Invalid file.!











                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...





*Only public information can be imported from Facebook.
Do Not Show this Notice Again












Job Category
Actuarial
Insurance Adjuster
Insurance Admin/Clerical
Insurance Analyst
Insurance Appraiser
Insurance Agent
Insurance Claims
Insurance Consultant
Insurance Customer Service
Insurance Training
Insurance Entry Level
Insurance Accounting
Health Insurance
Insurance HR
Information Technology
Insurance Compliance
Insurance Loss Control
Insurance Management
Insurance Marketing
Insurance Operations
Other
Insurance Premium Auditor
Insurance Product Manager
Reinsurance
Insurance Risk Management
Insurance Sales
Insurance Underwriting
Insurance Workers Compensation

Show Results





Create Payment Profile 






 
























United Guaranty Corp has no open positions currently.




Please wait...















                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.























	United Guaranty - Products & Services






































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit
































































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















United Guaranty














12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit












































601 108th Ave NE Ste 700, 
Bellevue, WA 98004







425-455-5333


















Is this Your Company?




















You are now following United Guaranty.





You are already following United Guaranty.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow United Guaranty.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews











Auto Insurance in Bellevue, WA






601 108th Ave NE Ste 700


Bellevue WA, 98004












Request a Quote Now!












Business Insurance in Bellevue, WA






601 108th Ave NE Ste 700


Bellevue WA, 98004












Request a Quote Now!












Home Owners Insurance in Bellevue, WA






601 108th Ave NE Ste 700


Bellevue WA, 98004












Request a Quote Now!

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...







You have already requested approval to this storefront. Please wait 24 hours before requesting again.






Oops! Looks like you hit the maximum amount of new storefronts.

















Interested in more?


Contact Us












 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513



















                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.
























United Guaranty Corp | RCI Recruitment Solutions
































































Products

Recruitment Concierge Services
Recruiting Solutions

RCI Core Products

RCI TalentLocator

TalentLocator™ LiveChat
Direct Recruit
Reverse Posting
Universal Screener


RCI RecruitSuite
RCI Performance Staffing
Recruitment Process Outsourcing




Special Features


Services
Our Expertise

Seven Competencies
Nine Divisions
RCI Center of Excellence
Knowledge Center


About Us

Management Team
Events and Happenings
News
Careers with RCI
Blog Posts


Testimonials

Testimonials by Industry

Banking
Engineering
Finance
Healthcare
Insurance
Manufacturing
Mining
Pharmaceutical
Power, Oil and Gas
Retail
Transportation
Utilities




Contact Us



Testimonials
It’s not what our products do that is important, it’s the results they deliver.










A tradition of innovationApplying our over forty years combined experience, we continue to test the limits of conventional wisdom, leading the way for others to follow.
We have a history of pioneering new ways to reach the best available active and passive candidates. And we continue to engineer new products and services that set the standard today.
RCI Recruitment Solutions. We're a work in progress. (more...)
Quick links 
Subject Matters

Candidate Profiling
Employment Branding
Sourcing Strategy
Screening and Assessment
Candidate Selection
Onboarding and Retention
Recruiting Technology


Business Matters

Events and Happenings


That’s Life

Whatever




 
Stay up-to-date
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe to our posts via RSS


Socialize…

…and share[addtoany][/addtoany] Click. Knock yourself out. 
 




United Guaranty Corp




“RCI produced many qualified underwriters.”




Company
United Guaranty Corp


Contact
Laura Redden


Job Title
Recruitment Manager


Website
www.ugcorp.com


Project
Recruiting


Solution
RCI TalentLocator, Direct Recruit


Titles
Underwriter


Markets
Greensboro,NC; Chicago, IL; Atlanta, GA


Industry
Insurance


Skills
Other


Client says…

We used RCI 1st for a TalentLocator in 3 locations. RCI filled the positions in Atlanta and most of them in Greensboro, NC. We then did a Direct Recruit product for Chicago, IL. The intake process went smooth and after RCI submitted a few candidates, we were able to tweak the profile. RCI produced many qualified underwriters with 10 to 15 years experience that were exactly what we were looking for (our original specifications were for 3 to 5 years experience, however, with the caliber of candidates that RCI presented, we didn’t need the candidates with the 3 to 5 years experience). We were able to fill one of the training classes and have several in process for the second training class and have candidates to use for the future classes. We will definitely continue to use RCI again for our recruitment needs.

















 Just postedAnnouncements: Important and timely stuff
Blog posts: All sorts of topical stuff
Events and happenings
Feedback: We hear ya!
 Top searchessourcing
recruiter training
mike moore
 We’re social  Subscribe via RSS |  VIP subscribers only (more...) Content and Character 
Filling open minds with bright ideas  (more…)
RCI Recruitment Solutions news for our clients, past, present and future (more…)
Insightful research and analysis, industry A-listers, and pretty pictures (more…)


 Who we are 
We are a recruitment solutions powerhouse. RCI combines a wealth of experience with the insight and resources that make us unique in the industry, a solid business partner. (more…)


 What we stand for 
Our mission is an unrelenting pursuit of innovative strategies and practices that help our clients find, hire, and retain talent. (more…)


 The not so small print Privacy Policy






2013 Recourse Communications, Inc
112 Intracoastal Pointe Drive Jupiter, Florida 33477 (561) 277-1231
 

















