Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasAmazon's Stock Is Likely To Pull Back FurtherAMZN• Today, 6:56 PM • David Zanoni•19 CommentsGaming And OTT: The Promising Future Of SonySNE• Today, 6:48 PM • Ian Dyer•6 CommentsApplied Materials: Growth At A DiscountAMAT• Today, 6:12 PM • John DiCecco•1 CommentTesla Could Sell Off On Any Bad News From These 2 EventsTSLA• Today, 6:03 PM • Alex Cho•48 CommentsAthersys's Cardiovascular Health Program Is Ambitious and Well-CalculatedATHX• Today, 5:55 PM • Jesse Donovan•9 CommentsKeep Your Eyes On Bioverativ In 2017BIVV• Today, 5:50 PM • Gaurao Bhade•2 CommentsGilead: Vosevi EU Approval Just One Of Several Catalysts On The WayGILD• Today, 5:46 PM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsDryShips: It Ain't Over YetDRYS• Today, 5:21 PM • Bill Maurer•15 CommentsSnap: Big Lock-Up Expiration Happens Next WeekSNAP• Today, 5:13 PM • Alex Cho•35 CommentsOracle: Is Further Growth Possible?ORCL• Today, 4:32 PM • Egor KachalovAMD Vs. Intel: Winner Of Q2 Earnings?AMD, INTC• Today, 4:29 PM • Alex Cho•24 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Today, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•2 CommentsNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Today, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•6 CommentsCelgene Guides Up - And Down: How It Plans To Win The 2020sCELG• Today, 3:57 PM • DoctoRx•16 CommentsEastside Distilling's Capital Raise - Is This A Nanocap To Watch?ESDI• Today, 3:45 PM • Ryan Surber•5 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Today, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•8 CommentsWhy The Long-Term Prosperity Of Baidu Is GuaranteedBIDU• Today, 3:38 PM • Motek Moyen•7 CommentsRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Today, 3:26 PM • Michael W Byrne•6 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Today, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Today, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•38 CommentsDelcath: Massive Dilution AheadDCTH• Today, 2:16 PM • Research & Investment•5 CommentsParatek: Beware Of The ExpertsPRTK• Today, 2:13 PM • Early Retiree•16 CommentsCoca-Cola: The Forever CompanyKO• Today, 2:04 PM • Mike Berner•8 CommentsLowering Apple's Price Target Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Today, 1:45 PM • Alex Cho•74 CommentsMatson Weakness Before Earnings - Buying Opportunity Or Steer Clear?MATX• Today, 1:40 PM • James Sands•3 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Today, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsLargest Acquisition To Date A Plus For StarbucksSBUX• Today, 1:03 PM • ALT Perspective•22 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Today, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•5 CommentsMicrosoft And Sony Benefit From Reported Overheating Of The Nintendo SwitchMSFT, SNE• Today, 12:45 PM • Motek Moyen•34 CommentsProcter & Gamble - Operational Improvements Are Priced InPG• Today, 12:34 PM • The Value Investor•8 CommentsYY Inc. Is UndervaluedYY• Today, 12:30 PM • John Bay, CFA•6 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Today, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•19 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Today, 12:10 PM • PineStreet•1 CommentStill Upside For Lufthansa?DLAKF• Today, 12:03 PM • Frederic Laudenklos•1 CommentAcorda Slump Offers Investment OpportunityACOR• Today, 11:50 AM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentTeck: An Extremely Good InvestmentTECK• Today, 11:47 AM • KMP Ideas•5 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Today, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•112 CommentsXOMA: Another Ligand In The Making?XOMA• Today, 11:39 AM • Biotech Phoenix•2 CommentsThe Skies Are Clear For OMABEditors' Pick • OMAB• Today, 11:37 AM • Ian Bezek•11 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Today, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•6 CommentsBanco Bradesco S.A. - Underappreciated Stock For Aggressive Growth And IncomeBBD• Today, 11:34 AM • Bobak ForouzanOMNOVA Solutions: Is The Bull Case Set To Play Out?OMN• Today, 11:16 AM • Vince MartinHub Group - Was The Recent Stock Price Run Up Too Fast, Or Did Yesterday's Earnings Miss Justify The Stock Price Beat-Down?HUBG• Today, 11:09 AM • James SandsChegg: Can The Run Continue?CHGG• Today, 11:06 AM • Michael Battat•3 CommentsExxon Mobil: This Is Most InterestingXOM• Today, 11:05 AM • Quad 7 Capital•20 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Today, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•47 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Today, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•40 CommentsKatanga Mining - A View On Its Balance Sheet And Latest NewsKATFF• Today, 10:39 AM • Marcel Lange•3 CommentsAmazon.com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Today, 10:37 AM • Paulo Santos•124 CommentsBank Of America And JPMorgan: Comparing Financial RatiosBAC, JPM• Today, 10:01 AM • Chris B Murphy•8 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Today, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•5 CommentsFoxconn's American Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsSEI Investments: Development Investment Set To Pay OffSEIC• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•62 CommentsGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Today, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•51 CommentsGilead: Shut Up About The Cash And Let Management Do Their JobGILD• Today, 9:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•47 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•14 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 28, 2017ANTB, BTX, INCY• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 Comments3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•18 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•6 CommentsNatural Health Trends Corporation: Buy It For Value, Buy It For GrowthNHTC• Today, 8:39 AM • Ty Huggins•2 CommentsFly High American AirlinesAAL• Today, 8:30 AM • Chris Hulsey•8 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsSell-Offs Are An Opportunity - Cramer's Mad Money (7/27/17)AMZN, NFLX, GOOG• Today, 7:41 AM • SA Editor Mohit Manghnani•3 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan Has Bottomed At $12 - Cramer's Lightning Round (7/27/17)HSBC, JPM, FCX• Today, 7:27 AM • SA Editor Mohit Manghnani•1 CommentStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Today, 6:46 AM • Jeff Miller•5 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•12 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Today, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•7 CommentsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsTaseko Mines: New Prosperity Remains A Long ShotTGB• Yesterday, 8:36 PM • Elephant Analytics•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 Comments123456...2525Next Page





Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasAmazon's Stock Is Likely To Pull Back FurtherAMZN• Today, 6:56 PM • David Zanoni•19 CommentsGaming And OTT: The Promising Future Of SonySNE• Today, 6:48 PM • Ian Dyer•6 CommentsApplied Materials: Growth At A DiscountAMAT• Today, 6:12 PM • John DiCecco•1 CommentTesla Could Sell Off On Any Bad News From These 2 EventsTSLA• Today, 6:03 PM • Alex Cho•48 CommentsAthersys's Cardiovascular Health Program Is Ambitious and Well-CalculatedATHX• Today, 5:55 PM • Jesse Donovan•9 CommentsKeep Your Eyes On Bioverativ In 2017BIVV• Today, 5:50 PM • Gaurao Bhade•2 CommentsGilead: Vosevi EU Approval Just One Of Several Catalysts On The WayGILD• Today, 5:46 PM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsDryShips: It Ain't Over YetDRYS• Today, 5:21 PM • Bill Maurer•15 CommentsSnap: Big Lock-Up Expiration Happens Next WeekSNAP• Today, 5:13 PM • Alex Cho•35 CommentsOracle: Is Further Growth Possible?ORCL• Today, 4:32 PM • Egor KachalovAMD Vs. Intel: Winner Of Q2 Earnings?AMD, INTC• Today, 4:29 PM • Alex Cho•24 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Today, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•2 CommentsNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Today, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•6 CommentsCelgene Guides Up - And Down: How It Plans To Win The 2020sCELG• Today, 3:57 PM • DoctoRx•16 CommentsEastside Distilling's Capital Raise - Is This A Nanocap To Watch?ESDI• Today, 3:45 PM • Ryan Surber•5 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Today, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•8 CommentsWhy The Long-Term Prosperity Of Baidu Is GuaranteedBIDU• Today, 3:38 PM • Motek Moyen•7 CommentsRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Today, 3:26 PM • Michael W Byrne•6 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Today, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•3 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Today, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•38 CommentsDelcath: Massive Dilution AheadDCTH• Today, 2:16 PM • Research & Investment•5 CommentsParatek: Beware Of The ExpertsPRTK• Today, 2:13 PM • Early Retiree•16 CommentsCoca-Cola: The Forever CompanyKO• Today, 2:04 PM • Mike Berner•8 CommentsLowering Apple's Price Target Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Today, 1:45 PM • Alex Cho•74 CommentsMatson Weakness Before Earnings - Buying Opportunity Or Steer Clear?MATX• Today, 1:40 PM • James Sands•3 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Today, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsLargest Acquisition To Date A Plus For StarbucksSBUX• Today, 1:03 PM • ALT Perspective•22 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Today, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•5 CommentsMicrosoft And Sony Benefit From Reported Overheating Of The Nintendo SwitchMSFT, SNE• Today, 12:45 PM • Motek Moyen•34 CommentsProcter & Gamble - Operational Improvements Are Priced InPG• Today, 12:34 PM • The Value Investor•8 CommentsYY Inc. Is UndervaluedYY• Today, 12:30 PM • John Bay, CFA•6 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Today, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•19 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Today, 12:10 PM • PineStreet•1 CommentStill Upside For Lufthansa?DLAKF• Today, 12:03 PM • Frederic Laudenklos•1 CommentAcorda Slump Offers Investment OpportunityACOR• Today, 11:50 AM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentTeck: An Extremely Good InvestmentTECK• Today, 11:47 AM • KMP Ideas•5 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Today, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•112 CommentsXOMA: Another Ligand In The Making?XOMA• Today, 11:39 AM • Biotech Phoenix•2 CommentsThe Skies Are Clear For OMABEditors' Pick • OMAB• Today, 11:37 AM • Ian Bezek•11 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Today, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•6 CommentsBanco Bradesco S.A. - Underappreciated Stock For Aggressive Growth And IncomeBBD• Today, 11:34 AM • Bobak ForouzanOMNOVA Solutions: Is The Bull Case Set To Play Out?OMN• Today, 11:16 AM • Vince MartinHub Group - Was The Recent Stock Price Run Up Too Fast, Or Did Yesterday's Earnings Miss Justify The Stock Price Beat-Down?HUBG• Today, 11:09 AM • James SandsChegg: Can The Run Continue?CHGG• Today, 11:06 AM • Michael Battat•3 CommentsExxon Mobil: This Is Most InterestingXOM• Today, 11:05 AM • Quad 7 Capital•20 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Today, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•47 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Today, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•40 CommentsKatanga Mining - A View On Its Balance Sheet And Latest NewsKATFF• Today, 10:39 AM • Marcel Lange•3 CommentsAmazon.com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Today, 10:37 AM • Paulo Santos•124 CommentsBank Of America And JPMorgan: Comparing Financial RatiosBAC, JPM• Today, 10:01 AM • Chris B Murphy•8 CommentsAimia's Senior Secured Note: 8.5% Yield With Assets Supporting 100% RecoveryEditors' Pick • GAPFF• Today, 9:58 AM • Jason Li•5 CommentsFoxconn's American Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Today, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsSEI Investments: Development Investment Set To Pay OffSEIC• Today, 9:37 AM • Michael Boyd•2 CommentsPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•62 CommentsGNC: Did Goldman Sachs Really Just Reiterate Its $5 Price Target?GNC• Today, 9:16 AM • Courage & Conviction Investing•51 CommentsGilead: Shut Up About The Cash And Let Management Do Their JobGILD• Today, 9:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•47 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•14 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 28, 2017ANTB, BTX, INCY• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 Comments3 Reasons To Buy FreeportFCX• Today, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•18 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•6 CommentsNatural Health Trends Corporation: Buy It For Value, Buy It For GrowthNHTC• Today, 8:39 AM • Ty Huggins•2 CommentsFly High American AirlinesAAL• Today, 8:30 AM • Chris Hulsey•8 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Today, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsSell-Offs Are An Opportunity - Cramer's Mad Money (7/27/17)AMZN, NFLX, GOOG• Today, 7:41 AM • SA Editor Mohit Manghnani•3 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan Has Bottomed At $12 - Cramer's Lightning Round (7/27/17)HSBC, JPM, FCX• Today, 7:27 AM • SA Editor Mohit Manghnani•1 CommentStock Exchange: Reading Into Retail MovesEditors' Pick • AVGO, LB, RH• Today, 6:46 AM • Jeff Miller•5 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•12 CommentsWhat Makes Darden Restaurants Attractive In The Long Term?DRI• Today, 3:32 AM • RCK Financial Services•7 CommentsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Today, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsTaseko Mines: New Prosperity Remains A Long ShotTGB• Yesterday, 8:36 PM • Elephant Analytics•2 CommentsColgate-Palmolive: Reliable Cash GeneratorCL• Yesterday, 7:52 PM • John DiCeccoInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 Comments123456...2525Next Page





IPO Analysis | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»IPO AnalysisRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Today, 3:26 PM • Michael W Byrne•6 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Today, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsRedfin Ignores The ElephantsRDFN• Yesterday, 8:35 AM • IPO Candy•8 CommentsThe Next Generation Of MLP IPOsKRP, HESM, AMGP• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • AlerianIn The Already Saturated Market Of Southern California, Can Another Chinese-American Bank Succeed?RBB• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Samantha Hendrie•2 CommentsRedfin Finalizes Terms For $120 Million IPORDFN• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:34 AM • Donovan Jones•10 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•26 CommentsSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsCommercial Bank RBB Bancorp Prepares For IPORBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Don Dion•4 CommentsVenator Materials Readies $477 Million IPO From HuntsmanVNTR• Tue, Jul. 25, 1:18 PM • Donovan Jones•2 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•4 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:41 AM • Fish and Tips•3 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: Investors Remain Discerning Amid Increased ActivityTRTX, PETQ, KALA• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:49 AM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchBillion-Dollar Unicorns: DraftKings Faces HurdlesDRAFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:20 PM • Sramana MitraNew Chance To Buy Into Shares Of Tintri At IPO Quiet Period ExpirationTNTR• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:53 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentWag Of Approval For PetIQPETQ• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:56 PM • Don Dion•5 CommentsByline Banc Investors Could Cash In At Upcoming IPO Quiet Period ExpirationBY• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:41 AM • Don DionYogaWorks Flexes Its Muscles Pre-IPOYOGA• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:46 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsCalyxt Inc.: Regulatory Hurdles Keep Us Cautious On This (Otherwise Exciting) IPOCLXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:29 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Looks Promising Ahead Of IPOKALA• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:25 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsIPO Lockup Expiration For Laureate Education Could School InvestorsLAUR• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:46 AM • Don Dion•8 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: 2 Health Care Companies Price, Snap BreaksSNAP, AKCA, CODX• Sat, Jul. 15, 3:08 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchU.S. IPO Week Ahead: Diverse 6-IPO Week Has Yoga, Pet Meds And Gene-Edited CropsRDFN, CMTA, VNTR• Sat, Jul. 15, 2:54 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchRev Group Driving Downward Ahead Of IPO Lockup ExpirationREVG• Fri, Jul. 14, 6:15 AM • Don Dion•1 CommentIs Snapchat Finished? A Look At Its Falling StockSNAP• Fri, Jul. 14, 4:10 AM • Richard Ashton•23 Comments7 Questions To Ask Before You Invest In That IPOIPO• Thu, Jul. 13, 2:17 PM • Stansberry Churchouse ResearchBlue Apron - Cohort Data Suggests Favorable Unit EconomicsEditors' Pick • APRN• Thu, Jul. 13, 1:28 PM • Kevin Mak, CFA•36 CommentsCalyxt Sets Proposed Terms For $100 Million IPOCLXT• Tue, Jul. 11, 1:19 PM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsAltice Is Wired To Soar Ahead Of Quiet Period ExpirationATUS• Tue, Jul. 11, 8:58 AM • Don Dion•11 CommentsRedfin IPO: The Modern Way To A HomeRDFN• Tue, Jul. 11, 8:51 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsShotSpotter: The Right IPO At The Right TimeSSTI• Mon, Jul. 10, 4:39 PM • Jonathan Faison•20 CommentsBlue Apron: Future Bleak At BestAPRN• Mon, Jul. 10, 3:16 PM • Galileo Russell•24 CommentsWill Snap Become Just Another Broken IPO?Editors' Pick • SNAP• Mon, Jul. 10, 2:14 PM • Bull & Bear Trading•74 CommentsSienna's IPO: Partner And Product ConcernsSNNA• Mon, Jul. 10, 9:06 AM • Richard Ashton•2 CommentsBlue Apron: An Unclear Moat And A Questionable Path AheadAPRN• Sun, Jul. 9, 4:39 PM • Jacob Urban•11 CommentsU.S. IPO Week Ahead: 2 Health Care Companies Scheduled For A Slow WeekAKCA, YOGA, ADV• Sat, Jul. 8, 3:12 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO Research•5 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: No IPOs During The July 4th WeekAPRN, CMTA, KALA• Sat, Jul. 8, 1:23 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO Research•1 CommentEsquire Financial Holdings IPO: The Jury Is Still OutESQ• Fri, Jul. 7, 9:28 AM • Alexander Valtsev•1 CommentShiftPixy: The Most Promising Reg A+ IPO YetPIXY• Thu, Jul. 6, 5:58 PM • Abu Bakr Hussain•23 CommentsBillion-Dollar Unicorns: Looker Counts On Big Data AnalyticsLOOK• Wed, Jul. 5, 4:43 PM • Sramana Mitra•3 CommentsRedfin IPO: Real Estate RedefinedRDFN• Wed, Jul. 5, 3:54 PM • Fish and Tips•9 CommentsBlue Apron: Down But Far From OutAPRN• Wed, Jul. 5, 8:54 AM • Richard Ashton•8 CommentsTintri IPO: The Fundamental ProblemsTNTR• Wed, Jul. 5, 8:51 AM • Richard Ashton•4 CommentsWhat Does Blue Apron's IPO Tell Us About The Market Climate?APRN• Wed, Jul. 5, 8:30 AM • Orange Peel Investments•2 CommentsPreferred Stock IPO: 8% From PennyMac Mortgage Investment TrustPMT• Mon, Jul. 3, 1:59 PM • Arbitrage Trader•19 CommentsAthenex: An Under-The-Radar Buying OpportunityATNX• Mon, Jul. 3, 11:20 AM • Don Dion•6 CommentsYogaWorks Stretches For An IPOYOGA• Mon, Jul. 3, 7:45 AM • Nicholas Durante•7 CommentsBlue Apron Will Only Give Investors The BluesAPRN• Sun, Jul. 2, 9:38 PM • Michael Carter•10 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: Blue Apron Breaks In A Busy Week For IPOsATXI, DOVA, ESQ• Sat, Jul. 1, 3:46 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchU.S. IPO Week Ahead: One Biotech IPO Scheduled For The Short Holiday WeekAKCA, FRNT, YOGA• Sat, Jul. 1, 10:40 AM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchBlue Apron: Nothing Special HereAPRN• Fri, Jun. 30, 1:56 PM • David Luo•24 CommentsWhy SA Contributors Have Gotten Blue Apron All WrongAPRN• Fri, Jun. 30, 1:47 PM • Chenango Capital LLC•28 CommentsDoor Opens For BDC IPOs After 2 Year Drought; Middle Market To Grow More CrowdedCGBD• Fri, Jun. 30, 10:02 AM • Kelly Thompson•5 CommentsTintri Walks Like A Duck, Talks Like A DuckTNTR• Fri, Jun. 30, 9:37 AM • IPO Candy•1 CommentLogistics Provider Beats Fintechs To IPO GateBESTI• Thu, Jun. 29, 4:56 PM • Doug Young•1 CommentInvest In What You Know, But What About IPOs? Thu, Jun. 29, 3:08 PM • TD AmeritradeTintri - Many Challenges For This IPOTNTR• Thu, Jun. 29, 2:15 PM • The Value Investor•5 CommentsBlue Apron - A Lot Of Questions Following Worrisome Q1 TrendsAPRN• Thu, Jun. 29, 1:41 PM • The Value Investor•23 CommentsBlue Apron Cuts IPO RangeAPRN• Thu, Jun. 29, 12:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•16 CommentsBlue Apron: Is This Weak IPO Tasty Now?APRN• Thu, Jun. 29, 2:46 AM • Stone Fox Capital•11 CommentsBest Inc. IPO: Questions Must Be AnsweredBESTI• Wed, Jun. 28, 11:58 AM • Richard Ashton•2 CommentsIPOs Are Buzzy... But Do They Live Up To The Hype?AMZN, FB, FIT• Wed, Jun. 28, 11:43 AM • TD Ameritrade•2 CommentsThe Basics Of IPOs: Some Things You Should Know Wed, Jun. 28, 11:41 AM • TD AmeritradeTintri: Cloudy Financials Ahead Of IPOTNTR• Wed, Jun. 28, 8:48 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsBlue Apron: Tasty Food, Not So Appetizing IPO, Especially For Long-Term GainsAPRN• Tue, Jun. 27, 5:51 PM • APAC Investment News•5 CommentsDova Pharmaceuticals: A Different Business Model Could Lead To SuccessDOVA• Tue, Jun. 27, 3:16 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Files For $86 Million IPOKALA• Tue, Jun. 27, 2:08 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentCalyxt Files For $50 Million IPO In Cellectis Carve-OutCLXT• Tue, Jun. 27, 11:45 AM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentBiopharm Aileron Therapeutics' IPO Set For Thursday: We're CautiousALRN• Tue, Jun. 27, 11:04 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsAkcea, A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of Ionis Pharmaceutical, Set To IPOAKCA• Tue, Jun. 27, 10:59 AM • Don Dion•42 CommentsTrivago IPO Six-Month Report CardTRVG• Tue, Jun. 27, 10:58 AM • IPO Candy•9 CommentsBlue Apron: A Pricey Meal Ahead Of The IPOAPRN• Tue, Jun. 27, 10:55 AM • Don Dion•23 CommentsIPO Puts Altice USA's Best Program Behind ItATUS• Mon, Jun. 26, 9:56 PM • Lipper Alpha InsightCommercial Bank Byline Corp. Looks Overvalued Ahead Of IPOBY• Mon, Jun. 26, 4:42 PM • Don Dion•3 Comments123456...102Next Page





UroGen Pharma Readies $45 Million IPO - UroGen Pharma (Pending:URGN) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»UroGen Pharma Readies $45 Million IPOMay. 1.17 | About: UroGen Pharma (URGN) Donovan Jones IPOs, tech, alternative investments, CEO VentureDeal.comVentureDealSummaryIsrael-based UroGen Pharma wants to raise $45 million in an IPO valuing itself at $142 million.The company is developing a potentially improved method of delivering treatments for overactive bladder and bladder cancer.Its RTGel gel formulation approach is promising, but the company faces significant competition and will need a lot more money to commercialize its candidates.My opinion on the IPO is NEUTRAL.

 Quick Take Clinical-stage urological treatment company UroGen Pharma (Pending:URGN) has finalized proposed terms for its IPO, aiming to sell 3.46 million shares of common stock at a midpoint price of $13.00 per share. The company is developing a potentially improved method to deliver bladder cancer and overactive bladder treatments. While the market is forecasted to grow significantly, the company faces major competition from new generation treatments and will likely need much more funding to commercialize its pipeline. My opinion on the IPO is NEUTRAL. Company Israel-based UroGen (formerly TheraCoat) was founded in 2004 to develop treatments for a variety of urological conditions including cancer. Management is headed by CEO Ron Bentsur, who has been with the firm since August 2015. He was previously CEO of Keryx Biopharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:KERX) where he led a successful FDA approval using the 505[b](2) regulatory pathway. UroGen is pursuing 505[b](2) regulatory pathway approvals for various of its product candidates, so the CEO’s work history is a definite plus for the firm. Investors in the company who own more than 5% of its stock include Arkin Communication (21% ownership pre-IPO), Pontifax Partnerships (16.7%), ProQuest Investments (10.2%), Telormedix SA (8.4%) and Tatham Investments (5.1%). CEO Bentsur owns 2.0% and Chairman Arie Belldegrun owns 3.1%.
 Technology UroGen has created separate "platforms" of product candidates:  MitoGel VesiGel Vesimune  These are formulations of the chemotherapy drug Mitomycin C, a generic which is being used for certain urothelial cancer treatments. The formulations are created by the company’s RTGel reverse thermally triggered hydrogel that allows for sustained release of drugs for better treatment of local bladder diseases. Below is a brief explainer video about UroGen’s RTGel process:  (Source: UroGen Pharma) The current status of UroGen’s pipeline is summarized in the table below: 

 (Source: UroGen) UroGen has also in-licensed the rights to the use of BOTOX from Allergan (NYSE:AGN) combined with the RTGel process that may help patients suffering from an overactive bladder. Market and Competition According to a report by market research firm GlobalData, the global bladder cancer market size is expected to more than triple to $1.17 billion by 2025, representing a CAGR of 12.5%, which is on the upper end of health condition growth rates. Growth drivers include increased incorporation of immunotherapies…the launch of new combination therapies, increased incident cases and the introduction of three new competitive agents:  Cold Genesys - CG-0070 Eleven Biotherapeutics (NASDAQ:EBIO) - Vicinium Eli Lilly (NYSE:LLY) - Cyramza  Additionally, the FDA has recently approved Tecentriq for the treatment of metastatic urothelial carcinoma. There are a number of other major pharma firms developing treatments for low-grade and high-grade NMIBC and CIS, such as Merck Sharp & Dohme (MRK), Astellas Pharma (OTCPK:ALPMY) and others. Financials UroGen’s recent financial results can be summarized as follows: 2016 revenues of $17.5 million from Allergan for its exclusive license. This revenue is very "lumpy", and the company may receive certain other payments only upon the successful completion of specified regulatory and commercialization milestones.
 Below are the company’s operational results for the past two years (Audited GAAP): 

 (Source: UroGen F-1/A) As of December 31, 2016, the company had $21.4 million in cash and equivalents and $6.7 million in total liabilities. Management stated that it expects expenses associated with multiple later stage clinical trials to "increase substantially".' Unless the company can offset these expenses with additional success milestone payments from Allergan, it is likely to need additional, significant funding to finalize trials and commercialize its lead candidates, possibly resulting in material dilution for shareholders. IPO Details UroGen intends to raise $45 million in gross proceeds from an IPO of 3.46 million common shares at a midpoint price of $13.00 per share. Management says it will use the net proceeds from the IPO as follows:     Approximately $17.0 million to complete our single pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial of MitoGel for the treatment of low-grade UTUC; approximately $14.0 million to file an IND for, and to initiate our Phase 2b clinical trial of, VesiGel for the treatment of low-grade NMIBC; and the remainder to fund continued research and clinical development of our other product candidates, including Vesimune, and for working capital and other general corporate purposes.   Listed underwriters of the IPO are Jefferies, Cowen and Company, Raymond James and Oppenheimer & Co. Commentary With UroGen, what investors should really evaluate is whether its proprietary RTGel approach will indeed improve delivery of bladder condition treatments by creating a more efficacious method of retaining the drug within the bladder for a longer period of time, potentially improving patient outcomes.
 Allergan’s upfront payment of $17.5 million for UroGen’s BotuGel (BOTOX) is a promising indicator of support for the company’s approach for treating overactive bladder. Also, management stated that certain of its existing investors have "indicated an interest in purchasing up to an aggregate of approximately $20.0 million of our ordinary shares in this offering at the initial public offering price". This is a material and positive expression of interest (non-binding) for almost one-half of the IPO and is not uncommon for life science companies to effect in order to successfully float their offerings. My best guess is that the company will succeed in its IPO, at some price. At the proposed $13.00 per share midpoint, UroGen would have a post-IPO market capitalization of approximately $142 million. With relatively few clinical stage biopharma firms showing significant revenues, even if lumpy milestone-type revenues, management has a positive story to tell institutional investors. Additionally, the bladder cancer treatment market appears to be growing dramatically, which is a plus for UroGen. The downsides to the deal are several:  Competition is strong and competitive therapies can come not only from single drugs but also from combinations. It is highly probable the company will need to raise more equity to fund its ambitious pipeline likely diluting public shareholders in the process. UroGen does not have a major collaboration partner, ex-Allergan for BOTOX, and thus is in the position of being a small fish in a very big pond, with other very large fish swimming around.  For those reasons, my opinion on the IPO is NEUTRAL. For risk-on investors, you could do worse than UroGen, but I suggest watching this one for a while. I write about M&A deals and IPOs. Click the Follow button next to my name at the top or bottom of this article if you want to receive future articles automatically.
Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. 

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, IPO Analysis, Healthcare, Biotechnology, IsraelWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Donovan Jones and get email alerts





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksAthersys's Cardiovascular Health Program Is Ambitious and Well-CalculatedATHX• Today, 5:55 PM • Jesse Donovan•9 CommentsKeep Your Eyes On Bioverativ In 2017BIVV• Today, 5:50 PM • Gaurao Bhade•2 CommentsGilead: Vosevi EU Approval Just One Of Several Catalysts On The WayGILD• Today, 5:46 PM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsAmgen: Income On SaleAMGN• Today, 4:35 PM • Samuel Smith•5 CommentsCelgene Guides Up - And Down: How It Plans To Win The 2020sCELG• Today, 3:57 PM • DoctoRx•16 CommentsDelcath: Massive Dilution AheadDCTH• Today, 2:16 PM • Research & Investment•5 CommentsParatek: Beware Of The ExpertsPRTK• Today, 2:13 PM • Early Retiree•16 CommentsAre Biotechs Too Risky For DIY Investors?IBB, XBI• Today, 1:49 PM • Nicholas Ward•24 CommentsAn Upcoming Discussion With A Cardiologist On Amarin's Vascepa And Its Potential In Treating HypertriglyceridemiaAMRN• Today, 1:05 PM • Slingshot Insights•6 CommentsMy Final Thoughts On Dynavax Before Today's Advisory Committee Panel Decision Is AnnouncedDVAX• Today, 12:01 PM • Bret Jensen•96 CommentsAcorda Slump Offers Investment OpportunityACOR• Today, 11:50 AM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentXOMA: Another Ligand In The Making?XOMA• Today, 11:39 AM • Biotech Phoenix•2 CommentsGilead Sciences' Q2: Not Enough To Move The StockGILD• Today, 10:23 AM • David Butler•37 CommentsHill-Rom Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHRC• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAn In-Depth Analysis Of Calithera Biosciences (Part 1)CALA• Today, 9:46 AM • David HoffmannArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsGilead: Shut Up About The Cash And Let Management Do Their JobGILD• Today, 9:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•47 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•14 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 28, 2017ANTB, BTX, INCY• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•6 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•12 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsInteger Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesITGR• Yesterday, 5:16 PM • SA TranscriptsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•145 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•29 CommentsAstraZeneca Muddies The Water As Mystic FailsAZN• Yesterday, 3:55 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGlaxo Runs Into Double Trouble In HIVGSK• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAMEDISYS Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMED• Yesterday, 3:23 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•128 CommentsKeryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKERX• Yesterday, 1:37 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Doubters Were WrongGILD• Yesterday, 1:27 PM • Jonathan Weber•41 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•9 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfJohnson & Johnson Takes Down Medtronic And AbbVieJNJ• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • DJ Habig•26 CommentsAstraZeneca: Pipeline WoesAZN• Yesterday, 10:34 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsInvestors Get A Chance To Load Up On AmgenAMGN• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • Jonathan Weber•7 CommentsMystic Falls At The First HurdleAZN• Yesterday, 10:19 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsCelgene Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCELG• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • SA TranscriptsAlexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALXN• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsBoston Scientific Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBSX• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•35 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 27, 2017BMY, MRK, THERF• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•33 CommentsWas The 'All Clear' Just Sounded On Gilead?GILD• Yesterday, 8:48 AM • Bret Jensen•51 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsABIOMED, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesABMD• Yesterday, 8:25 AM • SA TranscriptsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsRoche Holding Ltd ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRHHBY• Yesterday, 7:48 AM • SA TranscriptsSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil Trader•1 CommentInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•12 CommentsNow Is A Good Time To Buy Johnson & JohnsonJNJ• Yesterday, 5:59 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•26 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVRTX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:09 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsGilead Sciences, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsTeva: Walking Dead?TEVA• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Mehdi Zare•92 CommentsPfizer's Worrying TrendPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:16 PM • Searching For Value•19 CommentsKindred Bio Pounces On Feline Weight ManagementKIN• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:51 PM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsBiogen Q2 2017 Results: Few Steps In The Right DirectionBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:43 PM • HealthBloggerBiogen Positions Itself For The FutureBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:51 PM • Jonathan Weber•2 CommentsGlaxo Gets Out The AxeGSK• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:11 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsOlumiant Clot Signal Echoes Xeljanz ExperienceLLY• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:07 PM • EP VantagePetMed Express: $50 Looks Too High, But I've Been Wrong BeforeEditors' Pick • PETS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:45 PM • Vince Martin•17 CommentsPacira's Exparel Expansion Pain ContinuesPCRX• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:35 PM • EP VantagePfizer Doesn't Want To Be Left In the Dust Of Avastin BiosimilarPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:34 PM • Long Term Bio•2 CommentsExact Sciences Crushes Estimates AgainEXAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:29 PM • Kirk Spano•124 CommentsVanda Pharmaceuticals: An Early Stage Bioscience ConsiderationVNDA• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:59 PM • Dr. Tran BioSci•2 CommentsSell Gilead Regardless Of Q2 ResultsGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:25 PM • Shock Exchange•150 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 26, 2017BMY, CUR, MRK• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:46 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•13 Comments2 Cheers For Biogen, Which May Be Good Enough To Allow AlphaBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:34 PM • DoctoRx•11 CommentsBuy The Dip In Reata PharmaceuticalsRETA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:28 PM • Jonathan FaisonPick up 9.5% YTM with Community Health Systems, February 2022 BondsCYH• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:25 PM • Randy Durig•5 CommentsBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•12 Comments123456...469Next Page
















UROGEN PHARMA LTD. (URGN) IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





UROGEN PHARMA LTD. (URGN) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
UROGEN PHARMA LTD.


Company Address
9 HA'TA'ASIYA STRA'ANANA 4365007


Company Phone
972 9 770 7601


Company Website
www.urogen.com


CEO
Ron Bentsur


Employees  (as of 12/31/2016) 
33


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Priced (5/4/2017)


Proposed Symbol
URGN


Exchange
NASDAQ Global


Share Price
$13.00


Shares Offered
4,473,373


Offer Amount
$58,153,849.00


Total Expenses
$2,500,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
11,972,543


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
10/31/2017


Quiet Period Expiration
6/13/2017


CIK
0001668243




We estimate that the net proceeds from the sale of 4,473,373 ordinary shares in
this offering will be approximately $51.6 million, after deducting the
underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable
by us. If the underwriters exercise their option to purchase 671,005 additional
ordinary shares in full, we estimate that the net proceeds to us from this
offering will be approximately $59.7 million, after deducting the underwriting
discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us.

We expect to use the net proceeds from this offering, together with our existing
cash resources, to advance our clinical pipeline, including specifically:

. approximately $17.0 million to complete our single pivotal Phase 3 clinical 
  trial of MitoGel for the treatment of low-grade UTUC;                      

. approximately $14.0 million to file an IND for, and to initiate our Phase 2b 
  clinical trial of, VesiGel for the treatment of low-grade NMIBC; and    

. the remainder to fund continued research and clinical development of our other
  product candidates, including Vesimune, and for working capital and other 
  general corporate purposes.                                          

Due to the uncertainties inherent in the clinical development and regulatory
approval process, it is difficult to estimate with certainty the exact amounts
of the net proceeds from this offering that may be used for any of the above
purposes on a stand-alone basis.

Pending our application of the net proceeds from this offering, we plan to
invest such proceeds in depositary institutions.


The standard of care for treating NMIBC patients is the TURBT procedure for
tumor resection, followed by post-operative adjuvant chemotherapy or
immunotherapy instillations, administered to prevent re-seeding of the cancerous
cells. The adjuvant agents used are predominately generic treatments and 
regimens. Only four drugs have been approved for bladder cancer: Thiotepa, which
was approved by the FDA in 1959; BCG, which was approved by the FDA in 1989; 
Valstar, which was approved by the FDA in 1998; and Tecentriq, which was 
approved by the FDA in 2016. Despite the approval of these drugs, there remain 
high unmet needs in the bladder cancer market. BCG has been used to treat 
patients with CIS and high-grade T1 since 1990. Thiotepa and Valstar are rarely
used, MMC is used off-label as the standard adjuvant treatment in the post-TURBT
setting for low-grade NMIBC patients and Tecentriq is used to treat locally
advanced or metastic urothelial carcinoma only. Off-label means that while the
FDA has not approved MMC as adjuvant treatment in the post-TURBT setting for
low-grade NMIBC patients, physicians are permitted to utilize it as standard of
care for this indication as part of medical practice. However, off-label usage
as a standard of care does not change the FDA’s approval criteria and does not
suggest that FDA approval is more likely than for other investigational drugs.
In the UTUC space, there are no approved drugs used to treat the disease. Tumor
resection surgeries are conducted in some cases of low-grade UTUC; however,
partial or complete kidney and upper urothelial tract removal is the standard of
care for frequently recurring UTUC.

There are several products in the development pipeline, most of which are
second- or third line-treatments mainly targeted for high-grade NMIBC patients
who have failed BCG treatment. All are targeted to reduce recurrence, but none
are developed to reduce the need for TURBT and other tumor resection therapies.

We are aware that other companies, such as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Viventia
Bio Inc., Telesta Therapeutics Inc., Heat Biologics, Inc., Viralytics Limited,
AADi, LLC, Biocancell Ltd., Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc., Astellas Pharma Inc.,
Cold Genesys, Inc., Altor BioScience Corporation, FKD Therapies Oy, Nippon
Kayaku Co., Ltd, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Taris Biomedical LLC and Handok
Inc., are conducting or have recently conducted clinical trials for product
candidates for the treatment of low-grade and high-grade NMIBC, including CIS.
In addition, we are aware of several pharmaceutical companies that are
developing drug candidates for muscle-invasive bladder cancer. The U.S. Food and
Drug Administration approved Tecentriq (atezolizumab) for the treatment of
locally advanced or metastic urothelial carcinoma, a form muscle invasive
bladder cancer, on May 18, 2016. We do not know whether these potential
competitors are already developing, or plan to develop, low-grade UTUC or
high-grade UTUC treatments or other indications that we are pursuing.

In addition, we face competition from existing standards of treatment, including
TURBT, which is surgery for bladder cancer. If we are not able to demonstrate
that our product candidates are at least as safe and effective as such courses
of treatment, medical professionals may not adopt our product candidates to
replace the existing standard of care, which is a first-line tumor surgical
procedure for both bladder cancer and UTUC.

The biopharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and
significant technological change. Our potential competitors include large and
experienced companies that enjoy significant competitive advantages over us,
such as greater financial, research and development, manufacturing, personnel
and marketing resources, greater brand recognition, and more experience and
expertise in obtaining marketing approvals from the FDA and foreign regulatory
authorities. These companies may develop new drugs to treat the indications that
we target, or seek to have existing drugs approved for use for the treatment of
the indications that we target.

These potential competitors may therefore introduce competing products without
our prior knowledge and without our ability to take preemptive measures in
anticipation of their commercial launch. Competition may increase further as a
result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater
availability of capital for investment in this industry. Our competitors may
succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis products
that are more effective, easier to administer or less costly than our product
candidates.


Company Description
We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel
therapies designed to change the standard of care for urological pathologies. We
have an innovative and broad pipeline of product candidates that we believe can
overcome the deficiencies of current treatment options for a


 variety of
urological conditions with a focus on uro-oncology. Our lead product candidates,
MitoGel and VesiGel, are proprietary formulations of the chemotherapy drug
Mitomycin C, or MMC, a generic drug which is currently used off-label for
urothelial cancer treatment only in a water-based formulation as an adjuvant, or
supplemental post-surgery, therapy. We are developing our product candidates as
chemoablation agents, which means they are designed to remove tumors by
non-surgical means, to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial
cancer, including low-grade upper tract urothelial carcinoma, or UTUC, and
low-grade bladder cancer. We believe that MitoGel and VesiGel, which are both
local drug therapies, have the potential to significantly improve patients’
quality of life by replacing costly, sub-optimal and burdensome tumor resection
surgeries as the first-line standard of care. MitoGel and VesiGel may also
reduce the need for bladder, kidney and upper urothelial tract removals, which
are typically performed on patients whose cancer progresses despite undergoing
tumor resection surgical procedures. Additionally, we believe that our product
candidates, which are based on novel formulations of approved drugs, may qualify
for streamlined regulatory pathways to market approval.

We believe that urothelial cancer, which is comprised of bladder cancer and
UTUC, affects a large and underserved patient population. Annual expenditures
for Medicare alone in the United States for the treatment of urothelial cancer
were estimated to be at least $4 billion in 2010 and are projected to be at
least $5 billion in 2020. The majority of the historical expenditures was spent
on tumor resection surgeries such as transurethral resection of bladder tumor,
or TURBT, and bladder, kidney and upper urothelial tract removals. In 2012, the
estimated prevalence of urothelial cancer in the United States was 625,000 with
an annual incidence of approximately 80,000. The 2012 prevalence of each of
low-grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer, or NMIBC, and low-grade UTUC in
the United States was approximately 325,000 and 14,500, respectively. No drugs
have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, for the
treatment of NMIBC in more than 15 years.

MitoGel and VesiGel are formulated using our proprietary reverse thermally
triggered hydrogel, or RTGel, technology. We believe that RTGel-based drug
formulations, which provide for the sustained release of an active drug, may
improve the efficacy of treatment of various types of urothelial cancer without
compromising the safety of the patient or interfering with the natural flow of
fluids in the urinary tract. Our formulations are designed to achieve this by
increasing the dwell time as well as the tissue coverage throughout the organ of
the active drug. Consequently, we believe that RTGel-based drug formulations may
enable us to overcome the anatomical and physiological challenges that have
historically contributed to the lack of drug development for the treatment of
urothelial cancer.

MitoGel and VesiGel are administered locally using the standard practice of
intravesical instillation directly into the bladder or upper urothelial tract
via a catheter. Instillation is expected to take place in the physician’s office
as a same-day treatment, in comparison with TURBT or similar tumor surgical
procedures, which are operations conducted under general anesthesia in a
hospital setting and often require at least an overnight stay. Tumor surgical
procedures often have limited success due to the inability to properly identify,
reach and resect all tumors. We believe that an effective chemoablation agent
can potentially provide better eradication of tumors irrespective of the
detectability and location of the tumors. In addition, by removing the need for
surgery, patients may avoid potential complications associated with surgery and
hospital-acquired infections.

We are currently evaluating the safety and efficacy of MitoGel, our novel
sustained-release formulation of MMC, in UTUC patients pursuant to an ongoing
“Compassionate Use” program. “Compassionate Use” is the use outside of a
clinical trial of an investigational, or not approved, medical product when
patient enrollment in a clinical trial is not possible, typically due to patient
ineligibility or a lack of ongoing clinical trials. Of the 13 patients with
confirmed low-grade UTUC who have been evaluated endoscopically, or through the
use of a nonsurgical viewing instrument to examine the urinary tract, in the
program to date, eight have achieved a complete response and five have achieved
a partial response at the primary evaluation time. Of the eight patients who
have achieved a complete response at the primary evaluation time, three have
subsequently experienced recurrences to date. Thus far in this Compassionate Use
program, MitoGel has been observed to be well-tolerated. We have obtained Orphan
Drug Designation for MitoGel for the treatment of UTUC. In November 2016, we
filed an investigational new drug, or IND, application with the FDA for MitoGel,
which was accepted by the FDA in December 2016. We commenced a single pivotal,
open-label, single-arm Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of low-grade
UTUC in the first quarter of 2017. We intend to pursue the FDA’s 505(b)(2)
regulatory pathway for MitoGel, which is a streamlined, lower-cost and more
well-defined pathway to drug approval when compared to traditional drug
development. We believe that MitoGel has the potential to become the first
FDA-approved drug for the treatment of low-grade UTUC serving as a first-line
chemoablation agent, sparing patients from repeated tumor resection surgeries
and potentially reducing the need for kidney and upper urothelial tract
removals.

In addition, we are currently evaluating the safety and efficacy of VesiGel, our
novel sustained-release high dose formulation of MMC, for the treatment of
low-grade NMIBC in a Phase 2 study being conducted in Europe and Israel. This
study is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2017. To date, 19 of
22, or approximately 86%, of the patients evaluated in our ongoing Phase 2a
clinical trial who were treated in the VesiGel high dose group (80mg MMC)
achieved a complete response at the primary evaluation time. Moreover,
approximately 79% of the patients who achieved a complete response at the
primary evaluation time and who have been followed for 12 months thereafter,
without receiving additional treatments, remained recurrence free. This compares
to approximately 40% to 60% of patients who historically achieve a 12-month
durable complete response with TURBT as first-line treatment, followed by
adjuvant treatments of MMC instillations into the bladder. We plan to file an
IND for VesiGel in the second half of 2017, and, if accepted, to commence a
Phase 2b clinical trial for VesiGel shortly thereafter. We also intend to pursue
a 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for VesiGel. We believe that VesiGel has the
potential to replace tumor resection surgery and become the new first-line
standard of care for the treatment of low-grade NMIBC.

Our clinical stage pipeline also includes Vesimune, our proprietary
immunotherapy product candidate for the treatment of high-grade NMIBC, which may
include Carcinoma in Situ, or CIS. Vesimune is a novel, liquid formulation of
Imiquimod, a generic toll-like receptor 7, or TLR7, agonist. Toll-like receptor
agonists play a key role in initiating the innate immune response system. We
believe that the combination of Vesimune with additional immunotherapy drugs,
such as immune checkpoint inhibitors or chemotherapy drugs like VesiGel, could
represent a valid alternative to the current standard of care for the post TURBT
adjuvant treatment of high-grade NMIBC. BotuGel is our proprietary novel
RTGel-based formulation of BOTOX, a branded drug, that we believe can
potentially serve as an effective treatment option for patients suffering from
overactive bladder. In October 2016, we announced the licensing of the worldwide
rights to BotuGel to Allergan Pharmaceuticals International Limited, or
Allergan, a wholly owned subsidiary of Allergan plc, which plans to commence a
Phase 2 clinical trial of BotuGel in the second half of 2017, pursuant to the
exclusive license agreement we entered into with Allergan in October 2016, or
the Allergan Agreement.
---

We were incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel in April 2004 under
the name TheraCoat Ltd. In September 2015, we changed our name to UroGen Pharma
Ltd. Our principal executive offices are located at 9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street,
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel, and our telephone number is +972 (9) 770-7601. Our
website address is www.urogen.com. Our agent for service of process in the 
United States is Urogen Pharma, Inc., located at 689 Fifth Avenue, 14th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022, and its telephone number is +1 (646) 768-9780.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$17,530,000


Net Income
-$1,941,000


Total Assets
$23,056,000






Total Liabilities
$6,749,000


Stockholders' Equity
$16,307,000


View all Company Financials for URGN


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 3 Total: 3
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



UROGEN PHARMA LTD.
424B4
5/5/2017
Filing



UROGEN PHARMA LTD.
F-1/A
4/24/2017
Filing



UROGEN PHARMA LTD.
F-1
4/7/2017
Filing



View all SEC Filings for URGN




Experts


Auditor
Kesselman & Kesselman, CPAs (Israel), a member firm of Pricew...


Company Counsel
Cooley LLP


Lead Underwriter
Cowen and Company, LLC


Lead Underwriter
Jefferies LLC


Transfer Agent
Computershare Trust Company, N.A


Underwriter
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.


Underwriter
Raymond James and Associates, Inc.


Underwriter Counsel
Covington & Burling LLP









News for URGN









                        Gainers & Losers Of June 26: AVEO, MBRX, SELB, NEOT, SGEN...
                    

6/26/2017 9:53:00 PM - RTT News



                        Stocks to watch next week
                    

6/10/2017 8:00:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        Gainers & Losers Of May 8: DRRX, CXRX, URGN, ARLX, TXMD...
                    

5/9/2017 12:35:00 AM - RTT News



                        US IPO Weekly Recap: Biotechs and energy fail to excite in 5-IPO week
                    

5/5/2017 8:24:00 PM - Renaissance Capital



                        UroGen Pharma prices upsized IPO at $13 midpoint
                    

5/3/2017 5:36:00 PM - Renaissance Capital



                        Israel-Based Biopharm, UroGen Pharma Will IPO Thursday
                    

5/3/2017 10:02:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        UroGen Pharma Readies $45 Million IPO
                    

5/1/2017 5:09:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Chemotherapy biotech UroGen Pharma sets terms for $45 million IPO
                    

4/24/2017 8:57:00 AM - Renaissance Capital




 Subscribe


                More URGN News & Commentary



                Read URGN Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6374.68


-7.51
 ▼ 
0.12%





DJIA

21830.31


33.76
 ▲ 
0.15%





S&P 500

2472.10


-3.32
 ▼ 
0.13%










Data as of Jul 28, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Sprint proposes merger with Charter Communications - WSJ
                        



	                     7:53PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Union cheers as trucks kept out of U.S. self-driving legislation
                        



	                     6:57PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            RPT-Hundreds of U.S. counties at risk for no Obamacare insurer in 2018
                        



	                     6:48PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Wells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncovered
                        



	                     6:41PM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech StocksAthersys's Cardiovascular Health Program Is Ambitious and Well-CalculatedATHX• Today, 5:55 PM • Jesse Donovan•9 CommentsKeep Your Eyes On Bioverativ In 2017BIVV• Today, 5:50 PM • Gaurao Bhade•2 CommentsGilead: Vosevi EU Approval Just One Of Several Catalysts On The WayGILD• Today, 5:46 PM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsAmgen: Income On SaleAMGN• Today, 4:35 PM • Samuel Smith•5 CommentsCelgene Guides Up - And Down: How It Plans To Win The 2020sCELG• Today, 3:57 PM • DoctoRx•16 CommentsDelcath: Massive Dilution AheadDCTH• Today, 2:16 PM • Research & Investment•5 CommentsParatek: Beware Of The ExpertsPRTK• Today, 2:13 PM • Early Retiree•16 CommentsAre Biotechs Too Risky For DIY Investors?IBB, XBI• Today, 1:49 PM • Nicholas Ward•24 CommentsAn Upcoming Discussion With A Cardiologist On Amarin's Vascepa And Its Potential In Treating HypertriglyceridemiaAMRN• Today, 1:05 PM • Slingshot Insights•6 CommentsMy Final Thoughts On Dynavax Before Today's Advisory Committee Panel Decision Is AnnouncedDVAX• Today, 12:01 PM • Bret Jensen•96 CommentsAcorda Slump Offers Investment OpportunityACOR• Today, 11:50 AM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentXOMA: Another Ligand In The Making?XOMA• Today, 11:39 AM • Biotech Phoenix•2 CommentsGilead Sciences' Q2: Not Enough To Move The StockGILD• Today, 10:23 AM • David Butler•37 CommentsHill-Rom Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHRC• Today, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAn In-Depth Analysis Of Calithera Biosciences (Part 1)CALA• Today, 9:46 AM • David HoffmannArbutus Seeks To Eradicate Hep BABUS• Today, 9:37 AM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsGilead: Shut Up About The Cash And Let Management Do Their JobGILD• Today, 9:09 AM • Orange Peel Investments•47 Comments1 Chart Speaks Volumes About Gilead Sciences' FutureGILD• Today, 9:03 AM • James Brumley•14 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 28, 2017ANTB, BTX, INCY• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsGlaxoSmithKline: Doing An AstraZeneca (And A Reckitt Benckiser)?Editors' Pick • GSK• Today, 8:46 AM • Dividend Drive•6 CommentsArena Pharmaceuticals: Intriguing Data And Near-Term Catalysts, Yet Concerns RemainARNA• Today, 6:23 AM • Jonathan Faison•12 CommentsCelgene: Expect The Story To ContinueCELG• Yesterday, 9:07 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsAcorda Investors Are Holding Their BreathACOR• Yesterday, 8:44 PM • Strong Bio•2 CommentsInteger Holdings Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesITGR• Yesterday, 5:16 PM • SA TranscriptsDynavax: Looking Ahead To A Long and Tiring JourneyDVAX• Yesterday, 4:24 PM • Long Term Bio•145 CommentsContraFect: Why Hasn't Anyone Else Done This Already?CFRX• Yesterday, 4:04 PM • Altum Research•29 CommentsAstraZeneca Muddies The Water As Mystic FailsAZN• Yesterday, 3:55 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsGlaxo Runs Into Double Trouble In HIVGSK• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAMEDISYS Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMED• Yesterday, 3:23 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Greyhound Leaves The DoghouseGILD• Yesterday, 2:42 PM • DoctoRx•128 CommentsKeryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKERX• Yesterday, 1:37 PM • SA TranscriptsGilead: The Doubters Were WrongGILD• Yesterday, 1:27 PM • Jonathan Weber•41 CommentsThe 'Best Balance Sheets' Portfolio: LabCorpLH• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • Value Prof•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics: Further Upside AheadNKTR• Yesterday, 1:02 PM • Jonathan FaisonTetraphase Pharmaceuticals: IGNITE4 Data Igniting Share PriceTTPH• Yesterday, 12:27 PM • Jonathan Faison•9 CommentsUltragenyx: An Interesting Company In The Rare Disease SpaceRARE• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Biopharmaceutical WolfJohnson & Johnson Takes Down Medtronic And AbbVieJNJ• Yesterday, 11:37 AM • DJ Habig•26 CommentsAstraZeneca: Pipeline WoesAZN• Yesterday, 10:34 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsInvestors Get A Chance To Load Up On AmgenAMGN• Yesterday, 10:30 AM • Jonathan Weber•7 CommentsMystic Falls At The First HurdleAZN• Yesterday, 10:19 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentBiohaven Pivots To Take A Shot At MigraineBHVN• Yesterday, 10:02 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsCelgene Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCELG• Yesterday, 9:56 AM • SA TranscriptsAlexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesALXN• Yesterday, 9:52 AM • SA TranscriptsBoston Scientific Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBSX• Yesterday, 9:50 AM • SA TranscriptsAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term ConsiderationsAMGN• Yesterday, 9:44 AM • DoctoRx•35 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 27, 2017BMY, MRK, THERF• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•6 CommentsOpko: Contrarian Play On Positive UpdateOPK• Yesterday, 8:59 AM • Avisol Capital Partners•33 CommentsWas The 'All Clear' Just Sounded On Gilead?GILD• Yesterday, 8:48 AM • Bret Jensen•51 CommentsWatch Out For Some Solid Action From Vertex Pharmaceuticals In 2017VRTX• Yesterday, 8:31 AM • Gaurao Bhade•4 CommentsABIOMED, Inc. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesABMD• Yesterday, 8:25 AM • SA TranscriptsGilead Sciences - There Is Still Much To Like About This Company And Its PriceGILD• Yesterday, 8:09 AM • The Value Investor•7 CommentsRoche Holding Ltd ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRHHBY• Yesterday, 7:48 AM • SA TranscriptsSucampo: A Shift Toward Rare DiseasesSCMP• Yesterday, 7:41 AM • ONeil Trader•1 CommentInvitae Set For Growth - Bret Jensen's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • NVTA• Yesterday, 6:57 AM • Bret Jensen•12 CommentsNow Is A Good Time To Buy Johnson & JohnsonJNJ• Yesterday, 5:59 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•26 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVRTX• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:09 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsGilead Sciences, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsTeva: Walking Dead?TEVA• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Mehdi Zare•92 CommentsPfizer's Worrying TrendPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:16 PM • Searching For Value•19 CommentsKindred Bio Pounces On Feline Weight ManagementKIN• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:51 PM • Strong Bio•6 CommentsBiogen Q2 2017 Results: Few Steps In The Right DirectionBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:43 PM • HealthBloggerBiogen Positions Itself For The FutureBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:51 PM • Jonathan Weber•2 CommentsGlaxo Gets Out The AxeGSK• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:11 PM • EP Vantage•2 CommentsOlumiant Clot Signal Echoes Xeljanz ExperienceLLY• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:07 PM • EP VantagePetMed Express: $50 Looks Too High, But I've Been Wrong BeforeEditors' Pick • PETS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:45 PM • Vince Martin•17 CommentsPacira's Exparel Expansion Pain ContinuesPCRX• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:35 PM • EP VantagePfizer Doesn't Want To Be Left In the Dust Of Avastin BiosimilarPFE• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:34 PM • Long Term Bio•2 CommentsExact Sciences Crushes Estimates AgainEXAS• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:29 PM • Kirk Spano•124 CommentsVanda Pharmaceuticals: An Early Stage Bioscience ConsiderationVNDA• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:59 PM • Dr. Tran BioSci•2 CommentsSell Gilead Regardless Of Q2 ResultsGILD• Wed, Jul. 26, 1:25 PM • Shock Exchange•150 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 26, 2017BMY, CUR, MRK• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:46 PM • Zach Hartman, PhD•13 Comments2 Cheers For Biogen, Which May Be Good Enough To Allow AlphaBIIB• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:34 PM • DoctoRx•11 CommentsBuy The Dip In Reata PharmaceuticalsRETA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:28 PM • Jonathan FaisonPick up 9.5% YTM with Community Health Systems, February 2022 BondsCYH• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:25 PM • Randy Durig•5 CommentsBuying Abbott Near Its PeakABT• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:05 PM • Black Coral Research•12 Comments123456...469Next Page





IPO Analysis | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»IPO AnalysisRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Today, 3:26 PM • Michael W Byrne•6 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Today, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsRedfin Ignores The ElephantsRDFN• Yesterday, 8:35 AM • IPO Candy•8 CommentsThe Next Generation Of MLP IPOsKRP, HESM, AMGP• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • AlerianIn The Already Saturated Market Of Southern California, Can Another Chinese-American Bank Succeed?RBB• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Samantha Hendrie•2 CommentsRedfin Finalizes Terms For $120 Million IPORDFN• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:34 AM • Donovan Jones•10 CommentsRedfin IPO, Tech Company Changing Real Estate IndustryRDFN• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:42 AM • Don Dion•26 CommentsSienna Biopharmaceuticals Expected To IPO On ThursdaySNNA• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:06 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsCommercial Bank RBB Bancorp Prepares For IPORBB• Tue, Jul. 25, 7:04 PM • Don Dion•4 CommentsVenator Materials Readies $477 Million IPO From HuntsmanVNTR• Tue, Jul. 25, 1:18 PM • Donovan Jones•2 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Tue, Jul. 25, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•4 CommentsRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Tue, Jul. 25, 9:41 AM • Fish and Tips•3 CommentsTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Tue, Jul. 25, 6:09 AM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: Investors Remain Discerning Amid Increased ActivityTRTX, PETQ, KALA• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:49 AM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchBillion-Dollar Unicorns: DraftKings Faces HurdlesDRAFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:20 PM • Sramana MitraNew Chance To Buy Into Shares Of Tintri At IPO Quiet Period ExpirationTNTR• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:53 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentWag Of Approval For PetIQPETQ• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:56 PM • Don Dion•5 CommentsByline Banc Investors Could Cash In At Upcoming IPO Quiet Period ExpirationBY• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:41 AM • Don DionYogaWorks Flexes Its Muscles Pre-IPOYOGA• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:46 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsCalyxt Inc.: Regulatory Hurdles Keep Us Cautious On This (Otherwise Exciting) IPOCLXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:29 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Looks Promising Ahead Of IPOKALA• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:25 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsIPO Lockup Expiration For Laureate Education Could School InvestorsLAUR• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:46 AM • Don Dion•8 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: 2 Health Care Companies Price, Snap BreaksSNAP, AKCA, CODX• Sat, Jul. 15, 3:08 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchU.S. IPO Week Ahead: Diverse 6-IPO Week Has Yoga, Pet Meds And Gene-Edited CropsRDFN, CMTA, VNTR• Sat, Jul. 15, 2:54 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchRev Group Driving Downward Ahead Of IPO Lockup ExpirationREVG• Fri, Jul. 14, 6:15 AM • Don Dion•1 CommentIs Snapchat Finished? A Look At Its Falling StockSNAP• Fri, Jul. 14, 4:10 AM • Richard Ashton•23 Comments7 Questions To Ask Before You Invest In That IPOIPO• Thu, Jul. 13, 2:17 PM • Stansberry Churchouse ResearchBlue Apron - Cohort Data Suggests Favorable Unit EconomicsEditors' Pick • APRN• Thu, Jul. 13, 1:28 PM • Kevin Mak, CFA•36 CommentsCalyxt Sets Proposed Terms For $100 Million IPOCLXT• Tue, Jul. 11, 1:19 PM • Donovan Jones•4 CommentsAltice Is Wired To Soar Ahead Of Quiet Period ExpirationATUS• Tue, Jul. 11, 8:58 AM • Don Dion•11 CommentsRedfin IPO: The Modern Way To A HomeRDFN• Tue, Jul. 11, 8:51 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsShotSpotter: The Right IPO At The Right TimeSSTI• Mon, Jul. 10, 4:39 PM • Jonathan Faison•20 CommentsBlue Apron: Future Bleak At BestAPRN• Mon, Jul. 10, 3:16 PM • Galileo Russell•24 CommentsWill Snap Become Just Another Broken IPO?Editors' Pick • SNAP• Mon, Jul. 10, 2:14 PM • Bull & Bear Trading•74 CommentsSienna's IPO: Partner And Product ConcernsSNNA• Mon, Jul. 10, 9:06 AM • Richard Ashton•2 CommentsBlue Apron: An Unclear Moat And A Questionable Path AheadAPRN• Sun, Jul. 9, 4:39 PM • Jacob Urban•11 CommentsU.S. IPO Week Ahead: 2 Health Care Companies Scheduled For A Slow WeekAKCA, YOGA, ADV• Sat, Jul. 8, 3:12 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO Research•5 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: No IPOs During The July 4th WeekAPRN, CMTA, KALA• Sat, Jul. 8, 1:23 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO Research•1 CommentEsquire Financial Holdings IPO: The Jury Is Still OutESQ• Fri, Jul. 7, 9:28 AM • Alexander Valtsev•1 CommentShiftPixy: The Most Promising Reg A+ IPO YetPIXY• Thu, Jul. 6, 5:58 PM • Abu Bakr Hussain•23 CommentsBillion-Dollar Unicorns: Looker Counts On Big Data AnalyticsLOOK• Wed, Jul. 5, 4:43 PM • Sramana Mitra•3 CommentsRedfin IPO: Real Estate RedefinedRDFN• Wed, Jul. 5, 3:54 PM • Fish and Tips•9 CommentsBlue Apron: Down But Far From OutAPRN• Wed, Jul. 5, 8:54 AM • Richard Ashton•8 CommentsTintri IPO: The Fundamental ProblemsTNTR• Wed, Jul. 5, 8:51 AM • Richard Ashton•4 CommentsWhat Does Blue Apron's IPO Tell Us About The Market Climate?APRN• Wed, Jul. 5, 8:30 AM • Orange Peel Investments•2 CommentsPreferred Stock IPO: 8% From PennyMac Mortgage Investment TrustPMT• Mon, Jul. 3, 1:59 PM • Arbitrage Trader•19 CommentsAthenex: An Under-The-Radar Buying OpportunityATNX• Mon, Jul. 3, 11:20 AM • Don Dion•6 CommentsYogaWorks Stretches For An IPOYOGA• Mon, Jul. 3, 7:45 AM • Nicholas Durante•7 CommentsBlue Apron Will Only Give Investors The BluesAPRN• Sun, Jul. 2, 9:38 PM • Michael Carter•10 CommentsU.S. IPO Weekly Recap: Blue Apron Breaks In A Busy Week For IPOsATXI, DOVA, ESQ• Sat, Jul. 1, 3:46 PM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchU.S. IPO Week Ahead: One Biotech IPO Scheduled For The Short Holiday WeekAKCA, FRNT, YOGA• Sat, Jul. 1, 10:40 AM • Renaissance Capital IPO ResearchBlue Apron: Nothing Special HereAPRN• Fri, Jun. 30, 1:56 PM • David Luo•24 CommentsWhy SA Contributors Have Gotten Blue Apron All WrongAPRN• Fri, Jun. 30, 1:47 PM • Chenango Capital LLC•28 CommentsDoor Opens For BDC IPOs After 2 Year Drought; Middle Market To Grow More CrowdedCGBD• Fri, Jun. 30, 10:02 AM • Kelly Thompson•5 CommentsTintri Walks Like A Duck, Talks Like A DuckTNTR• Fri, Jun. 30, 9:37 AM • IPO Candy•1 CommentLogistics Provider Beats Fintechs To IPO GateBESTI• Thu, Jun. 29, 4:56 PM • Doug Young•1 CommentInvest In What You Know, But What About IPOs? Thu, Jun. 29, 3:08 PM • TD AmeritradeTintri - Many Challenges For This IPOTNTR• Thu, Jun. 29, 2:15 PM • The Value Investor•5 CommentsBlue Apron - A Lot Of Questions Following Worrisome Q1 TrendsAPRN• Thu, Jun. 29, 1:41 PM • The Value Investor•23 CommentsBlue Apron Cuts IPO RangeAPRN• Thu, Jun. 29, 12:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•16 CommentsBlue Apron: Is This Weak IPO Tasty Now?APRN• Thu, Jun. 29, 2:46 AM • Stone Fox Capital•11 CommentsBest Inc. IPO: Questions Must Be AnsweredBESTI• Wed, Jun. 28, 11:58 AM • Richard Ashton•2 CommentsIPOs Are Buzzy... But Do They Live Up To The Hype?AMZN, FB, FIT• Wed, Jun. 28, 11:43 AM • TD Ameritrade•2 CommentsThe Basics Of IPOs: Some Things You Should Know Wed, Jun. 28, 11:41 AM • TD AmeritradeTintri: Cloudy Financials Ahead Of IPOTNTR• Wed, Jun. 28, 8:48 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsBlue Apron: Tasty Food, Not So Appetizing IPO, Especially For Long-Term GainsAPRN• Tue, Jun. 27, 5:51 PM • APAC Investment News•5 CommentsDova Pharmaceuticals: A Different Business Model Could Lead To SuccessDOVA• Tue, Jun. 27, 3:16 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Files For $86 Million IPOKALA• Tue, Jun. 27, 2:08 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentCalyxt Files For $50 Million IPO In Cellectis Carve-OutCLXT• Tue, Jun. 27, 11:45 AM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentBiopharm Aileron Therapeutics' IPO Set For Thursday: We're CautiousALRN• Tue, Jun. 27, 11:04 AM • Don Dion•2 CommentsAkcea, A Wholly Owned Subsidiary Of Ionis Pharmaceutical, Set To IPOAKCA• Tue, Jun. 27, 10:59 AM • Don Dion•42 CommentsTrivago IPO Six-Month Report CardTRVG• Tue, Jun. 27, 10:58 AM • IPO Candy•9 CommentsBlue Apron: A Pricey Meal Ahead Of The IPOAPRN• Tue, Jun. 27, 10:55 AM • Don Dion•23 CommentsIPO Puts Altice USA's Best Program Behind ItATUS• Mon, Jun. 26, 9:56 PM • Lipper Alpha InsightCommercial Bank Byline Corp. Looks Overvalued Ahead Of IPOBY• Mon, Jun. 26, 4:42 PM • Don Dion•3 Comments123456...102Next Page








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Israel-Based Biopharm, UroGen Pharma Will IPO Thursday - UroGen Pharma (Pending:URGN) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Israel-Based Biopharm, UroGen Pharma Will IPO ThursdayMay. 3.17 | About: UroGen Pharma (URGN) Don Dion Long/short equity, special situations, momentum, event-drivenMarketplaceIPO InsightsSummaryIsrael-based UroGen Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing treatments for urological cancers.The company is expects to IPO on Thursday (5.4), offering 3.46 million shares at an expected price range of $12 to $14.It currently does not have any products approved for sale, but appears to be on the right track with its clinical trials.In 2016, it recognized $17.5M in revenue from a payment received through an exclusive license agreement with Allergan.The early stage of its product candidates adds risk, however its partnership with Allergan and positive clinical results provide much optimism. We recommend a modest allocation. Overview UroGen Pharma Ltd. Company (Pending:URGN) filed for its IPO on April 7, 2017, outlining its plans up its IPO. The company is excepted to go public this Thursday, offering 3.46 million shares at an expected price range of $12 to $14. It has an additional 519,230 shares available for purchase by underwriters. The company expects to raise $48.5 million ($55.7 million if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares). Company insiders have indicated interest in purchasing $20M worth of shares in the offering. Although this is not binding, it is a positive signal. Assuming it prices at the midpoint of its price range, it would have a market capitalization of $150 million. Underwriters for the IPO include: Cowen & Company, Jefferies LLC, Oppenheimer & Co., and Raymond James & Associates We first previewed the deal on our IPO Insights Platform. Business Summary: Clinical-stage Biopharmaceutical Developing Treatments for Urological Diseases UroGen Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing treatment for urological disorders and diseases. Its leading product candidate are VesiGel and MitoGel, which are formulations based upon the chemotherapy drug Mitomycin C. Mitomycin C is currently prescribed off-label for urothelial cancer as a supplemental post-surgery treatment. UroGen is developing its product candidates as chemoablation agents, which means it is designed to remove tumors without surgery (typically required in current treatment method). The objective is to treat several forms of invasive urothelial cancer, low grade bladder cancer, and low-grade upper tract urothelial carcinoma. Because product candidates are based on novel formulations of already approved drugs, it hopes this will enable them to streamline regulations more quickly. In 2016, UroGen Pharma entered into an exclusive license agreement with Allergan Pharmaceuticals. The company received $17.5 million and is eligible to receive additional milestone payments in the future. Allegan will be responsible for developing, securing regulatory approvals, and marketing the licensed products globally and UroGen will receive tiered royalties on global net sales. Currently, the annual expenditures in the United States for the treatment of urothelial cancer is about $4 billion. That number is expected to increase to a minimum of $5 billion by 2020. However, the FDA has not approved any new treatments for these urological diseases in over 15 years. 

 (Company Website) Executive Management Highlights Ron Bentsur has served as CEO since August 2015 and director since October 2015. His previous experience includes executive positions at Stemline Therapeutics, Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Leumi Underwriters, and ING Barings Furman Selz. Bentsur holds a B.A. in Economics and Business Administration from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel and an M.B.A. from New York University's Stern School of Business. Gil Hakin has served as President since August 2010. His previous experience comes from senior positions at Medispec, MTRE Advanced Technologies, Omrix Biopharmaceuticals, and Biosense-Webster. Hakim holds a B.Sc. in Life Sciences from Ben-Gurion University, Israel. Financial Overview The company has incurred net losses since its inception in 2004, and none of its current product candidates are available for commercial sale. The company incurred net loss of $12.7M and $1.9M in 2015 and 2016. As of December 31, 2016, the company's accumulated deficit was $27.2 million and cash/ cash equivalents of 21.3M. Revenue generated in 2016 was $17.5M, all from the exclusive license agreement with Allergan Pharmaceuticals. UroGen intends to use the net proceeds of this IPO to fund further clinical trials for its product candidates and expects expenses associated with clinical trials to increase substantially. 

 (F-1/A) Conclusion: Consider a Modest Allocation Projections for significant growth in the market is uplifting, however competition in the industry is strong with several other notable biopharmaceuticals developing therapies for urological diseases (i.e. Handok Inc., Taris Biomedical, Spectrum Pharmaceuticals). The partnerships with Allergan and the interest of insiders in purchasing close to half of the shares in the offering, make up optimistic about that the company with have a successful market debut. However, to continue growth, it will need further capital and continued success in its trials. We are hearing that the deal is oversubscribed and building. We recommend no a modest allocation given the risks laid out above. Don Dion's IPO Insights provides up-to-date information and analysis on the major IPOs each week, along with additional opportunities to invest and short these stocks at their quiet period and lockup period expirations, respectively. Consider following us at the link above. We will continue our PRO offerings on Seeking Alpha alongside our more exclusive research. 

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in URGN over the next 72 hours. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, IPO Analysis, Healthcare, Biotechnology, IsraelWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Don Dion and get email alerts





URGN Profile | UroGen Pharma Ltd. - Ordinary S Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballUrogen Pharma Ltd. (URGN)NasdaqGM - NasdaqGM Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist18.875+0.475 (+2.582%)At close:  4:00PM EDT18.875 0.00 (0.00%)After hours: 4:01PM EDTSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsUrogen Pharma Ltd.9 HaTaasiya StRaanana 4365007Israel972 9 770 7601http://www.urogen.comSector: Industry: Full Time Employees: 29Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Ron  BentsurChief Exec. Officer and DirectorN/AN/A51Mr. Gary S. Titus CPAChief Financial OfficerN/AN/A57Dr. Sari  Prutchi-Sagiv Ph.D.Marketing DirectorN/AN/AN/AMr. Gil  HakimPres of Israeli OperationsN/AN/A47Dr. Michal  Jeshurun-Gutshtat M.D.Clinical DirectorN/AN/AN/AAmounts are as of  and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionUroGen Pharma Ltd., a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on developing therapies for urological pathologies. Its lead product candidates, MitoGel and VesiGel are formulations of the chemotherapy drug Mitomycin C, a generic drug which is currently used off-label for urothelial cancer treatment only in a water-based formulation as an adjuvant, or supplemental post-surgery, therapy. The company is developing its product candidates as chemoablation agents, which are designed to remove tumors by non-surgical means, to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial cancer, including low-grade upper tract urothelial carcinoma, and low-grade bladder cancer. UroGen Pharma Ltd. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Raanana, Israel.Corporate GovernanceUrogen Pharma Ltd.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)









UroGen Pharma to Ring the Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell Nasdaq:URGN









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













UroGen Pharma to Ring the Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell




















June 02, 2017 08:00 ET

 | Source: UroGen Pharma






RA’ANANA, Israel and NEW YORK, June  02, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- UroGen Pharma Ltd. (NASDAQ:URGN), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing advanced non-surgical treatments to address unmet needs in the field of urology, with a focus on uro-oncology, today announced that Arie Belldegrun, MD, UroGen's Chairman, and Ron Bentsur, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, along with other members of the management team, will ring the Nasdaq stock market opening bell on Thursday, June 8, 2017, in celebration of the Company’s recently completed initial public offering. “We are excited to celebrate our recently completed IPO and listing on the Nasdaq global market, one of the world’s largest trading platforms,” said Ron Bentsur, Chief Executive Officer of UroGen. “The closing of our IPO was an important milestone for the Company as we continue to advance our portfolio of product candidates to address unmet needs in the fields of uro-oncology and urology.” A live webcast of the ceremony will be available at https://livestream.com/nasdaq/live or http://www.nasdaq.com/about/marketsitetowervideo.asx from approximately 9:15 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. EDT. About UroGen Pharma Ltd.UroGen Pharma (NASDAQ:URGN) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing advanced non-surgical treatments to address unmet needs in the field of urology, with a focus on uro-oncology.  The Company has developed RTGel, a proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based formulation for potentially improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.  UroGen Pharma's sustained release technology is designed to enable longer exposure of the urinary tract tissue to medications, making local therapy a potentially more effective treatment option.  UroGen Pharma's lead product candidates, MitoGel and VesiGel, are designed to potentially remove tumors by non-surgical means and to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial cancer, including low-grade UTUC and bladder cancer.  UroGen Pharma is headquartered in Israel and also maintains a corporate office in New York City.CONTACTS:

UroGen Pharma Ltd.
Gary Titus
Chief Financial Officer
garyt@urogen.com
646-768-9531

Or

Burns McClellan, Inc.
Steve Klass
sklass@burnsmc.com
212-213-0006


Related Articles
other press releases by UroGen Pharma


Investigational New Drug Application for RTGel™ in Combination with BOTOX® for the Treatment of Overactive Bladder Submitted to FDA by Allergan
July 19, 2017 08:30


UroGen Pharma to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference
May 30, 2017 08:00


UroGen Pharma Appoints Fred E. Cohen, MD, to its Board of Directors
May 16, 2017 08:15


UroGen Pharma Announces Two Data Presentations Related to its Clinical Stage Uro-Oncology Candidates at the American Urology Association 2017 Annual Meeting
May 11, 2017 08:00


UroGen Pharma Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Exercise of Underwriters’ Option
May 10, 2017 08:00






955



other news releases in

Calendar of Events

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

UroGen Pharma





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  New York, New York, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
CONTACTS:

UroGen Pharma Ltd.
Gary Titus
Chief Financial Officer
garyt@urogen.com
646-768-9531

Or

Burns McClellan, Inc.
Steve Klass
sklass@burnsmc.com
212-213-0006

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



UroGen Pharma  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





 



UroGen Pharma Ltd. | IPOScoop





















































Home
SCOOP Ratings Definition
Track Record
Our Services
How To Subscribe
About Us
Contact Us
Log In
 










 



IPO Buzz
IPO Calendar
IPO Index
IPO Pipeline

SCOOP Ratings
IPOs Recently Filed
IPO’s by Managers
By Industry
Secondary Offerings


Pricings

2017 Pricings
Last 100 IPOs
Last 12 Months
IPO’s by Managers
By Industry
Secondary Offerings


QUIET PERIOD/LOCK-UP PERIOD

Quiet Period Expiration
Lock-Up Period Expiration























UroGen Pharma Ltd.
Print








General Information

Business:
We are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel therapies designed to change the standard of care for urological pathologies. We have an innovative and broad pipeline of product candidates that we believe can overcome the deficiencies of current treatment options for a variety of urological conditions with a focus on uro-oncology. Our lead product candidates, MitoGel and VesiGel, are proprietary formulations of the chemotherapy drug Mitomycin C, or MMC, a generic drug, which is currently used off-label for urothelial cancer treatment only in a water-based formulation as an adjuvant, or supplemental post-surgery, therapy. 



Industry:
PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS


Employees:
29


Founded:
2004

Contact Information

Address
9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street, Ra’anana 4365007, Israel


Phone Number
+972 (9) 770-7601


Web Address
http://www.urogen.com


View Prospectus:
UroGen Pharma Ltd.

Financial Information

Market Cap
$161.6mil


Revenues
$17.5 mil (last 12 months)


Net Income
$-1.9 mil (last 12 months)

IPO Profile

Symbol
URGN


Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares (millions):
4.5


Price range
$13.00 - $13.00


Est. $ Volume
$58.2 mil


Manager / Joint Managers
Jefferies/ Cowen and Company


CO-Managers
Raymond James/ Oppenheimer


Expected To Trade:

                            5/4/2017                            




                                                                        Status:
                                                                

Priced


Quiet Period Expiration Date:
Available only to Subscribers


Lock-Up Period Expiration Date:
Available only to Subscribers


SCOOP Rating
Available only to Subscribers


Rating Change
Available only to Subscribers























  URGN:NASDAQ GM Stock Quote - UroGen Pharma Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  UroGen Pharma Ltd   URGN:US   NASDAQ GM        18.88USD   0.48   2.58%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   18.27    Day Range   18.27 - 19.30    Volume   31,504    Previous Close   18.40    52Wk Range   13.01 - 20.02                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   18.27    Day Range   18.27 - 19.30    Volume   31,504    Previous Close   18.40    52Wk Range   13.01 - 20.02    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (m USD)   225.982    Shares Outstanding  (m)   11.973    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change +0.50%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change +0.46%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/19/2017   Investigational New Drug Application for RTGel™ in Combination with BOTOX® for the Treatment of Overactive Bladder Submitte     6/7/2017   UroGen Pharma Ltd. (Nasdaq: URGN), to Ring The Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell     6/2/2017   UroGen Pharma to Ring the Nasdaq Stock Market Opening Bell     5/30/2017   UroGen Pharma to Present at the Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference     5/16/2017   UroGen Pharma Appoints Fred E. Cohen, MD, to its Board of Directors     5/11/2017   UroGen Pharma Announces Two Data Presentations Related to its Clinical Stage Uro-Oncology Candidates at the American Urology As     5/10/2017   UroGen Pharma Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Exercise of Underwriters’ Option     5/3/2017   UroGen Pharma Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering     4/24/2017   UroGen Pharma Welcomes New Board Member Kate Falberg    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   UroGen Pharma Ltd. operates as a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on developing novel therapies designed to change the standard of care for urological pathologies with a focus on uro-oncology.    Address  9 Ha'Ta'asiya StreetPO Box 2397Ra'anana, 4365007Israel   Phone  972-9-770-7600   Website   www.urogen.com     Executives Board Members    Ron Bentsur  Chief Executive Officer    Gil Hakim  Pres:Israeli Operation    Gary S Titus  Chief Financial Officer    Mark Schoenberg  Medical Director     Show More         



Contact -Urogen Pharma



























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




Contact
 



Home » Contact





Israel Company Headquarters:
9 Ha’Ta’asiya St
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
Phone: +972-9-7707600
 
Investor Relations
Steve Klass
Burns McClellan, on behalf of UroGen Pharma
sklass@burnsmc.com
Phone: 212-213-0006
Gary Titus
Chief Financial Officer
UroGen Pharma
garyt@urogen.com
Phone: 646-768-9780 ext. 1001


US office:
689 Fifth Avenue, 14th Floor
New York, NY 10022
Phone: +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001
info@urogen.com
 












 













About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▼ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▼RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▲Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 



















RTGel™ for sustained release of drugs in bladder diseases - Urogen Pharma






























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




RTGel™
 



Home » Platforms » RTGel™




RTGel™ sustained release formulation for local administration of chemotherapy
We have developed RTGel, a novel proprietary polymeric biocompatible, reverse thermal gelation hydrogel, which, unlike the general characteristics of most forms of matter, is liquid at lower temperatures and converts into gel form when heated. We believe that these characteristics promote ease of delivery into and retention of drugs in body cavities, including the bladder and the upper urothelial tract, by conforming to the anatomy of the target organ while preventing rapid excretion of the drug.
RTGel, when formulated with an active drug, may allow for the improved efficacy of treatment of various types of urothelial cancer without compromising the safety of the patient or interfering with the natural flow of fluids from the urinary tract to the bladder. RTGel achieves this by:

Increasing the exposure of active drugs in the bladder and upper urothelial tract by significantly extending the dwell time of the active drug while conforming to the anatomy of the bladder and the upper urothelial tract, which allows for enhanced drug tissue coverage. For example, the average dwell time of the standard MMC water formulation, currently used as adjuvant treatment, in the upper urothelial tract is approximately five minutes, compared to approximately six hours when MMC is formulated with RTGel;


Administering higher doses of an active drug than would otherwise be possible using standard water-based formulations. For instance, it is only possible to dissolve 0.5 mg of MMC in 1 ml of water while it is possible to formulate up to 8 mg of MMC with 1 ml of RTGel; and


Maintaining the active drug’s molecular structure and mode of action.

These characteristics of RTGel enable sustained release of MMC in the urinary tract for both MitoGel and VesiGel, and of botulinum toxin in the case of BotuGel. Further, RTGel may be particularly effective in the bladder and upper urothelial tract where tumor visibility and access are challenging, and where there exists a significant amount of urine flow and voiding. We believe that these characteristics of RTGel may prove useful for the local delivery of active drugs to other bodily cavities in addition to the bladder and upper urothelial tract.
 
 











 







 
RTGel
Immunotherapy

 





About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▼ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▲RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▼Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 



















Legal Disclaimer -Urogen Pharma




























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




Legal Disclaimer
 



Home » Legal Disclaimer




UroGen Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. Web Site Terms of Use 12/7/15
Welcome to the official web site of UroGen Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (“UroGen”). The information provided on this site is for general informational and educational purposes only. Please read and review these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using this web site.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not access or use this web site.  We reserve the right to revise these Terms of Use or any portion of them at any time without notice by updating this posting. You will be bound by any such revisions and you should periodically visit this page to review the currently applicable Terms of Use.

Use of Web Site. The information provided on this site is for general informational and educational purposes. Certain sections of this web site are intended for particular audiences including UroGen’s customers [and investors], as well as members of the health care community and the general public. Your access to and use of the information contained in the web site is subject to this Terms of Use Agreement. By accessing and using this web site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, this Terms of Use Agreement.


Content. The website is provided on an ‘as is’ basis and UroGen makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, of any kind as to its accuracy, reliability, timeliness or completeness. You agree that access to and use of this web site and the content thereof is at your own risk. UroGen disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose and of non-infringement of third party rights. UroGen shall not be liable for any damages, including without limitation, direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, arising out of access to, use of or inability to use this web site, or any errors or omissions in the content thereof. This limitation includes damages to or for any viruses that may infect your computer equipment.


Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless UroGen, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation by you of these Terms of Use.


Third Party Web Sites and Links. This web site may contain links or references to other web sites maintained by third parties over whom UroGen has no control. Such links are provided merely as a convenience. Similarly, this web site may be accessed from third party links over which UroGen has no control. UroGen makes no warranties or representations of any kind as to the accuracy, reliability, timeliness or completeness of any information contained in such web sites, and Urogen shall have no liability for any damages or injuries of any kind arising from such content or information. Inclusion of any third party link does not imply an endorsement or recommendation by UroGen.


No Medical Advice. This web site may contain general information relating to various medical conditions and their treatment. Such information is provided for informational purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for advice provided by a doctor or other qualified health care professional. Patients should not use the information contained herein to diagnose or treat a health problem or disease. Patients should always consult with a doctor or other health care professional for medical advice or information about diagnosis and treatment.


Forward-looking Statements. This web site contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained herein other than statements of historical fact constitute forward-looking statements, including statements regarding UroGen’s anticipated results of the operations and financial position, business strategy and operating plans. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to: the timing and success of preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of UroGen, including with respect to the efficacy and safety of UroGen’s product candidates; UroGen’s ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of its product candidates, and the labeling for any approved products; the scope, progress, expansion and costs of developing and commercializing UroGen’s product candidates; UroGen’s ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for its product candidates; UroGen’s anticipated growth strategies; UroGen’s expectations regarding competition; the anticipated trends and challenges in UroGen’s business and the markets in which it operates; UroGen’s ability to attract or retain key management and personnel; the size and growth of the potential markets for UroGen’s product candidates and its ability to serve those markets; the rate and degree of market acceptance of UroGen’s product candidates vis-à-vis alternative therapies; UroGen’s expectations regarding regulatory requirements; developments in applicable regulatory regimes; and the manner in which UroGen intends to use its cash resources and the sufficiency thereof. Moreover, UroGen operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment in which new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for UroGen’s management to predict all risks, nor can UroGen assess the impact of all factors on its business or the extent to which any such factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained herein. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed herein may not occur, and UroGen’s actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied by the forward-looking statements contained herein. UroGen undertakes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements after the date hereof to conform to actual results or changes in UroGen’s expectations.


Non-Confidential Information. Any communication or other material that you send to us through the Internet or post on a UroGen web site by electronic mail or otherwise, such as any questions, comments, suggestions or the like is and will be deemed to be non-confidential, and UroGen shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. UroGen shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such communication for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.


Trademarks. All product names, whether or not appearing in large print or with the trademark symbol, are trademarks of UroGen or its affiliates, related companies or licensors, unless otherwise noted. The use or misuse of these trademarks or any other materials, except as permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, the law of slander and libel, the law of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. Please be advised that UroGen actively and aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.


Copyrights. The entire contents of this web site are subject to copyright protection. Copyright © 2015 UroGen Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. The contents of this web site may not be copied other than for non-commercial individual reference with all copyright or other proprietary notices retained, and thereafter may not be recopied, reproduced or otherwise redistributed. Except as expressly provided above, you may not otherwise copy, display, download, distribute, modify, reproduce, republish or retransmit any information, text or documents contained on this web site or any portion thereof in any electronic medium or in hard copy, or create any derivative work based on such images, text or documents, without the express written consent of UroGen. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any patent or trademark of UroGen, or any third party.


Legal Matters. This Terms of Use Agreement and your use of the web site shall be governed by the laws of the United States of America and the State of New York without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. Any legal action or proceeding related to this web site shall be brought exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in New York. This Terms of Use Agreement represents the entire agreement between you and UroGen relating to the subject matter contained herein and shall not be modified except by UroGen or through a written document signed by you and Urogen.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, then such provision shall be severable without affecting the enforceability of the remaining provisions.

This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated: 12/•/2015
 











 













About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▼ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▼RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▼Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 



















Urogen pipeline and product candidates - Urogen Pharma






























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




Pipeline
 



Home » UroGen Pharma urology product candidate pipeline



Pipeline

Our Drug Candidates
UroGen Pharma is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel therapies designed to change the standard of care for urological pathologies with a focus on uro-oncology. The lead product candidates, MitoGel and VesiGel, are proprietary formulations of the chemotherapy drug Mitomycin C, or MMC, a generic drug which is currently used off-label for urothelial cancer treatment in a water-based formulation as an adjuvant, post-surgery, therapy. The Company is developing our product candidates as chemoablation agents, which means they are designed to remove tumors by non-surgical means, to treat several forms of non-muscle invasive urothelial cancer, including low-grade upper tract urothelial carcinoma, or UTUC, and low-grade bladder cancer.  The Company’s clinical stage pipeline includes Vesimune, its proprietary immunotherapy product candidate for the treatment of high-grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. Vesimune is a novel, liquid formulation of Imiquimod, a generic toll-like receptor 7, or TLR7, agonist.   In addition, BotuGel is a proprietary novel RTGel-based formulation of BOTOX, a branded drug, that the Company believes can potentially serve as an effective treatment option for patients suffering from overactive bladder. UroGen has licensed the worldwide rights to BotuGel, a proprietary novel RTGel-based formulation of BOTOX, a branded drug, to Allergan Pharmaceuticals International Limited, or Allergan, a wholly owned subsidiary of Allergan plc.

 
MitoGel™ 
MiroGel is a sustained release formulation of the chemotherapy agent Mitomycin C for the treatment of low-grade upper tract urothelial carcinoma (UTUC), an urothelial cancer in the upper tract. UroGen has received Orphan Drug Designations from the FDA for MitoGel for the treatment of UTUC.
VesiGel™ 
VesiGel is a sustained release formulation of a high dose Mitomycin C for the treatment of low grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer (LG-NMIBC).
Vesimune™ 
Vesimune is a new formulation of the TLR7 agonist Imiquimod for local intravesical delivery for the treatment of Carcinoma In-Situ (CIS), a high-grade form of NMIBC. UroGen has received Orphan Drug Designation from the FDA for Vesimune for the treatment of CIS.
BotuGel™,
BotuGel is a novel intravesical sustained release formulation of botulinum toxin for Overactive Bladder (OAB) and Interstitial Cystitis (IC).  The Company recently licensed the BotuGel program to Allergan for further development.











UTUC
Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma




LG NMIBC
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer




CIS
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder




OAB
Overactive Bladder









About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▼ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▼RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▼Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 



















Urogen Pharma - Transforming Local Therapies in UrologyUrogen Pharma | Transforming Local Therapies in Urology

























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




Home






Transforming Local Therapies in Urology








UTUC
Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma


LG NMIBC
Low Grade Non-Muscle-Invasive  Bladder Cancer


CIS
Carcinoma in Situof the Bladder







MitoGel™, a novel sustained-release RTGel-based formulation of MMC, has the potential to become the first FDA-approved drug for the treatment of low-grade UTUC and to serve as a first-line chemoablation agent, sparing patients from repeated tumor resection surgical procedures and potentially reducing the need for kidney and upper urothelial tract removal.
Read More >


VesiGel™, a novel sustained-release RTGel-based formulation of high dose MMC, has the potential to replace TURBT and become the new first-line standard of care for the treatment of low-grade NMIBC. VesiGel, a chemoablation agent, is administered locally using standard catheters in a physician’s office as a same-day treatment, in comparison with TURBT surgical procedures, which are operations conducted under general anesthesia in a hospital setting and often require at least an overnight stay.
Read More >


Vesimune, an immune-modulation product candidate, could represent a valid alternative to the current standard of care for the BCG adjuvant, post TURBT treatment of high-grade NMIBC. Vesimune’s active ingredient is Imiquimod, an imidazoquinoline, synthetic immune modulator, which specifically targets TLR7, which is expressed in bladder cancer cells.
Read More >






About UroGen Pharma
UroGen Pharma  (“UroGen” or “the Company”) is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing novel therapies designed to change the standard of care for urological pathologies with a focus on uro-oncology. The Company has an innovative and broad pipeline of product candidates that it believes can overcome the deficiencies of current treatment options for a variety of urological conditions with a focus on uro-oncology.  The lead product candidates, MitoGel and VesiGel, are proprietary formulations of the chemotherapy drug Mitomycin C, or MMC, a generic drug which is currently used off-label for urothelial cancer treatment in a water-based formulation as an adjuvant, post-surgery, therapy. The Company’s clinical stage pipeline includes Vesimune, its proprietary immunotherapy product candidate for the treatment of high-grade non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. In addition, BotuGel is a proprietary novel RTGel-based formulation of BOTOX, a branded drug, that it believes can potentially serve as an effective treatment option for patients suffering from overactive bladder. UroGen has licensed the worldwide rights to BotuGel to Allergan Pharmaceuticals International Limited, or Allergan, a wholly owned subsidiary of Allergan plc, which plans to commence a Phase 2 clinical trial of BotuGel.
Read More >







News and Announcements
April 2017
 UroGen Pharma Welcomes New Board Member Kate Falberg 
April 2017
 UroGen Pharma Announces Enrollment of First Patient in Phase 3 Clinical Trial of MitoGel™ for Treatment of Low-Grade Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma 
December 2016
 UroGen Pharma Announces FDA Acceptance of Investigational New Drug Application for MitoGel, a Novel Sustained Release Formulation of Mitomycin C, for the Treatment of Low-Grade Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma 



Clinical Trials

UTUC
The OLYMPUS study
Optimized DeLivery of Mitomycin for Primary UTUC Study
Currently recruiting patients
 

BLADDER CANCER
The OPTIMA study II
OPTimized Instillation of Mitomycin for BlAdder Cancer Treament
Commencement of patient recruitment planned for H1 2018











About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▼ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▼RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▼Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 



















TLR7 immunotherapy solutions - Urogen Pharma






























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




Immunotherapy
 



Home » Platforms » Immunotherapy




Immunotherapy – locally triggering the innate immune system via proprietary formulation of immune modulating drugs for intravesical use
UroGen Pharma is developing a unique immune-modulation drug candidate, Vesimune (imiquimod), based on Toll like receptors (TLR) stimulators. TLRs are pattern recognition receptors (PRRs) and their importance in stimulating innate and adaptive immunity is well established. TLRs are sensors of microbial components as well as host-derived endogenous molecules released by injured tissues. TLRs play a critical role in defense against invading pathogens but are also involved in other serious pathological processes, such as tumorigenesis. TLR can be expressed on members of the innate and adaptive immune system as well as by endothelial and epithelial cells. More recently, TLR have been found on tumor cells. Growing evidence is being collected of TLRs activation efficacy in arming the immune system against cancer cells.
Imiquimod is approved in the US in a topical formulation for genital warts, superficial basal cell carcinoma, and actinic keratosis.   Imiquimod is an imidazoquinoline, synthetic immune modulator which target TLR7 and a potent inducer of immune stimulatory cytokines –including Interferon-alpha (IFNα), TNFα, interleukin IL-1β and IL-6, and exerts consistent antitumor effects in animal models.  TLR7 expression on bladder cancer cells has been reported. Imiquimod is believed to also adjuvant properties, eliciting an adaptive immune response in the presence of released bladder cancer antigens that translate into a long lasting acquire immune response. Imiquimod is the active ingredient of Vesimune.
BCG, an immunotherapy agent, is the current standard of care for adjuvant treatment of high-grade bladder cancer tumors, including CIS.  However, BCG is associated with a high rate of tolerability issues.  UroGen Pharma’s Vesimune is a reformulation of imiquimod specifically optimized for intravesical delivery in the urinary bladder.











 







 
RTGel
Immunotherapy

 





About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▼ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▲RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▼Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 



















Platforms -Urogen Pharma





























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




Platforms
 



Home » Platforms




UroGen Pharma candidate products are based on two proprietary platform technologies:
RTGel – a novel proprietary polymeric biocompatible, reverse thermal gelation hydrogel
Unlike the general characteristics of most forms of matter, RTGel is liquid at lower temperatures and converts into gel form when heated. We believe that these characteristics promote ease of delivery into and retention of drugs in body cavities, including the bladder and the upper urothelial tract, by conforming to the anatomy of the target organ while preventing rapid excretion of the drug. . RTGel’s components are polymer-based and are inactive ingredients that have been approved by the FDA for use in other products such as Oraqix, a periodontal gel, Namenda, an oral solution for Alzheimer’s disease, and Xeloda, an oral chemotherapy. We formulate RTGel with an active drug: MMC in the case of MitoGel and VesiGel, and botulinum toxin in the case of BotuGel. The resulting formulations are instilled intravesically in liquid form directly into the bladder or upper urothelial tract using standard instillation methodologies via catheters and thereafter convert into gel form at body temperature. Subsequently, upon contact with urine, RTGel gradually dissolves and releases the active drug over a period of several hours, and is less affected by urine creation and voiding cycles as compared to water formulations.
RTGel, when formulated with an active drug, may allow for the improved efficacy of treatment of various types of urothelial cancer without compromising the safety of the patient or interfering with the natural flow of fluids from the urinary tract to the bladder. RTGel achieves this by:

Increasing the exposure of active drugs in the bladder and upper urothelial tract by significantly extending the dwell time of the active drug while conforming to the anatomy of the bladder and the upper urothelial tract, which allows for enhanced drug tissue coverage. For example, the average dwell time of the standard MMC water formulation, currently used as adjuvant treatment, in the upper urothelial tract is approximately five minutes, compared to approximately six hours when MMC is formulated with RTGel;
Administering higher doses of an active drug than would otherwise be possible using standard water-based formulations. For instance, it is only possible to dissolve 0.5 mg of MMC in 1 ml of water while it is possible to formulate up to 8 mg of MMC with 1 ml of RTGel; and
Maintaining the active drug’s molecular structure and mode of action.

These characteristics of RTGel enable sustained release of MMC in the urinary tract for both MitoGel and VesiGel, and of botulinum toxin in the case of BotuGel. Further, RTGel may be particularly effective in the bladder and upper urothelial tract where tumor visibility and access are challenging, and where there exists a significant amount of urine flow and voiding. We believe that these characteristics of RTGel may prove useful for the local delivery of active drugs to other bodily cavities in addition to the bladder and upper urothelial tract.
Immunotherapy – locally triggering the innate immune system via unique formulation of immune modulating drugs for intravesical use. Based on this technology, UroGen Pharma is developing a unique immune-modulation drug candidate, Vesimune™, based on Toll like receptors 7 (TLR7) stimulators, for the treatment of Carcinoma in Situ (CIS) of the bladder.











 







 
RTGel
Immunotherapy

 





About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▼ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▼RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▼Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 



















Board of Directors -Urogen Pharma





























































Search for:





facebook
twitter




Skip to content
Home
About Us

Management
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Events


Pipeline

Upper Tract Urothelial Carcinoma
Low Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder Cancer
Carcinoma in Situ of the Bladder
Overactive Bladder
Publications


Clinical Trials
Platforms

RTGel™
Immunotherapy


Investors

Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Corporate Governance
SEC Filings
Investor FAQs
Information Request
Contact


Contact Us
 




Board of Directors
 



Home » About Urogen Pharma » Board of Directors















 



Arie Belldegrun MD FACS - Chairman

Arie Belldegrun, M.D., FACS, has served as our Chairman since December 2012. Dr. Belldegrun is Professor of Urology, holds the Roy and Carol Doumani Chair in Urologic Oncology, and Director of the UCLA Institute of Urologic Oncology at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. Prior to joining UCLA, he was at the National Cancer Institute/National Institute of Health, as a research fellow in surgical oncology and immunotherapy under Dr. Steven A. Rosenberg. Dr. Belldegrun has more than 20 years of experience in the life science and biotech industry and has been closely involved with the founding and advancement of several successful private and public biopharmaceutical companies. In 1996 he founded Agensys, Inc., a biotechnology company, and served as its founding Chairman of the board of directors and as a board member until 2007, when it was acquired by Astellas Pharma Inc. Dr. Belldegrun was also the founding Vice-Chairman of the board of directors and Chairman of the scientific advisory board of Cougar Biotechnology, Inc., a biotechnology company, from 2003 to 2009 when it was acquired by Johnson & Johnson. He currently serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kite Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: KITE), Chairman of Arno Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: ARNI), and Two River Group, and as a board member of and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA). Dr. Belldegrun completed his M.D. at the Hebrew University Hadassah Medical School in Jerusalem, Israel, his post graduate studies in Immunology at the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel, and his residency in Urologic Surgery at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Belldegrun has authored several books in Oncology and more than 500 scientific and medical papers related to urological cancers, immunotherapy, gene therapy, and cancer vaccines. Dr. Belldegrun is certified by the American Board of Urology, and is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons and the American Association of Genitourinary Surgeons (AAGUS).


Ron Bentsur - Board Member and CEO

Ron Bentsur has served as our Chief Executive Officer as of August 2015 and as a director as of October 2015. Ron Bentsur has more than 15 years of experience in the biotech industry. Until 2015 Mr. Bentsur served for more than five years as the Chief Executive Officer Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: KERX), culminating in U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval and year-end 2014 launch of Auryxia™ (ferric citrate). Prior to that Mr. Bentsur served as CEO of XTL Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. (NASDAQ: XTLB) (TASE: XTLB), a position he held from January 2006 until April 2009. Prior to his tenure at XTL, Mr. Bentsur was with Keryx from 2000-2006, serving as the Keryx’s Chief Financial Officer from June 2003 until his departure in January 2006. From July 1998 to October 2000, Mr. Bentsur served as Director of Technology Investment Banking at Leumi Underwriters, where he was responsible for all technology/biotechnology private placement and advisory transactions. From June 1994 to July 1998, Mr. Bentsur worked as an investment banker in NYC, most of this period at ING Barings Furman Selz. Mr. Bentsur holds a BA in Economics and Business Administration with distinction from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel and an MBA (Magna Cum Laude), from New York University’s Stern Graduate School of Business.


Fred E. Cohen MD - Board Member
Fred Cohen, M.D., has served as our director since May 2017. Dr. Cohen is a Senior Advisor to TPG Capital, where he served for over 15 years as a Partner, and founder of TPG Biotechnology, a life science focused venture capital fund.  In addition, for over two decades throughout his career, Dr. Cohen has been affiliated with UCSF where he held various clinical responsibilities, including as a research scientist, an internist for hospitalized patients, a consulting endocrinologist, and the Chief of the Division of Endocrinology and Metabolism. Dr. Cohen received his BS degree in Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry from Yale University, his D.Phil. in Molecular Biophysics from Oxford on a Rhodes Scholarship, and his MD from Stanford. Dr. Cohen currently serves on the Board of Directors of several other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.


Kate Falberg - Board Member

Kate Falberg has served as our director since April 2017.  Ms. Falberg has held several CFO and Head of Strategy and Corporate Development roles in the technology and biotechnology industries including for Applied Magnetics, Amgen and, most recently, Jazz Pharmaceuticals.  She also currently serves on the boards of, Aimmune Therapeutics, aTyr Pharma, Axovant Sciences, BioMarin Pharmaceutical and The Trade Desk, and formerly served on multiple boards including Medivation and Halozyme Therapeutics.  Ms. Falberg holds a B.A. and M.B.A from UCLA, is a CPA, inactive, and a UCLA Certified Director.


Stuart Holden MD - Board Member

Stuart Holden, M.D., has served as our director since December 2015. Dr. Holden has been the Chairman of ProQuest Investments’ Scientific Advisory Board since its founding. Since May 2014 Dr. Holdern is a member of the UCLA faculty as a Health Sciences Clinical Professor of Urology, Spielberg Family Chair in Urologic Oncology, in the Department of Urology at the UCLA David Geffen School of Medicine and Associate Director of the UCLA Institute of Urologic Oncology. Dr. Holden has worked on the frontlines of prostate cancer for more than 36 years and has pioneered new treatments for urologic cancers. Dr. Holden’s dedication to patient care resulted in him being named medical director of the Prostate Cancer Foundation, which is the world’s largest prostate cancer research funding organization; he has held this position since the foundation’s inception in 1993. Dr. Holden was the director of the Louis Warschaw Prostate Cancer Center at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and the first holder of the Warschaw, Robertson, Law Families Chair in Prostate Cancer. In addition, he was a founding partner at Tower Urology in Los Angeles. Dr. Holden received a B.A. degree from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and completed his medical degree and received his surgical training at Weill Cornell Medical College and the New York Hospital – Cornell University Medical College. He completed his urology residency at Emory University School of Medicine and fellowships in urology and developmental genetics at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center. He also was awarded a clinical fellowship from the American Cancer Society.


Chaim Hurvitz - Board Member

Chaim I. Hurvitz has served as our director since May 2013. Mr. Hurvitz has 31 years of experience in the life science inducstry. Mr. Hurvitz has been a director of Teva since October 2010. Mr. Hurvitz currently serves as CEO of CHealth, a private venture capital firm, a position he has held since May 2011. Previously, Mr. Hurvitz was a member of the senior management of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (NYSE: TEVA), serving as the President of Teva International Group from 2002 until 2010, as President and Chief Executive Officer of Teva Pharmaceuticals Europe from 1992 to 1999 and as Vice President Israeli Pharmaceutical Sales from 1999 until 2002. Mr. Hurvitz presently serves as a director of Aposense Ltd. (TASE: APOS). Mr. Hurvitz received a B.A. in Political Science and Economics from Tel Aviv University, Israel.


Ran Nussbaum - Board Member

Ran is a managing partner and co-founder of The Pontifax Group. The fund is running more than 45 portfolio companies all around the globe. Prior to joining Pontifax, he was a partner at Israel’s largest business intelligence and strategic consulting firm. Ran’s work revolves around constant and active involvement in companies, providing them with strategic and business development oversight. Ran serves as a board member on many of Pontifax’s portfolio companies, including Kite pharma, Keros (as chairman), cCAM Biotherapeutics ,Eloxx, Nutrinia, Quiet Therapeutics and other bio-pharma companies. He also chaired OCON Medical, NasVax and ran Biomedix and Spearhead in the past.


Pini Orbach PhD - Board Member

Pini Orbach, Ph.D., has served as our director since October 2014. Dr. Orbach has 10 years of experience in executive positions. As of February 2010 Dr. Orbach is the head of Pharma and Life Science at Arkin Holdings. Dr. Orbach is the Chief Executive Officer of NanoDoc Technology, Inc., and a board member at HealOr Ltd. Prior to joining Arkin Holdings, Dr. Orbach served as Chief Executive Officer of several Health Care companies in Israel and abroad. Dr. Orbach serves as Director at Metallo-Therapy Ltd., Chairman of the Board of cCAM Biotherapeutics Ltd. He also serves as a Director of FusiMab Ltd., and Quiet Therapeutics Ltd. He received his Ph.D. from the Department of Physiology and Functional Genomics, University of Florida, and was a postdoctoral fellow at the Cardiovascular Research Center, Harvard Medical School.












About UroGen Pharma:
UroGen is a clinical stage specialty pharmaceutical company providing NON SURGICAL, TOPICAL solutions to address unmet needs in the field of urology. The company has developed proprietary sustained release, hydrogel-based, depot formulations for improving the efficacy and safety profiles of existing drugs.

Contact Info:
UroGen Ltd 
689 5th Avenue, 14th Floor New York
NY 10022, U.S.A | +1-646-768-9780 ext 1001

9 Ha’Ta’asiya Street POBox 2397
Ra’anana 4365007, Israel
T 	+972-9-7707600 | F 	+972-77-4171410  
E  info@urogen.com
Linked In


 


Legal Disclaimer







MenuHomeAbout Us▲ManagementBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardEventsPipeline▼Upper Tract Urothelial CarcinomaLow Grade Non Muscle Invasive Bladder CancerCarcinoma in Situ of the BladderOveractive BladderPublicationsClinical TrialsPlatforms▼RTGel™ImmunotherapyInvestors▼Press ReleasesEvents & PresentationsCorporate GovernanceSEC FilingsInvestor FAQsInformation RequestContactContact Us



 















