










VBI VACCINES INC/BC (VBIV) SPO - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    SPOs  > 
    Company SPO Overview





VBI VACCINES INC/BC (VBIV) SPO




Overview




Financials &amp Filings




Experts







Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
VBI VACCINES INC/BC


Company Address
222 THIRD STREETSUITE 2241CAMBRIDGE, MA 02142


Company Phone
6178303031


Company Website
www.vbivaccines.com


CEO
Jeff R. Baxter


Employees  (as of 12/31/2016) 
90


State of Inc
 -- 


Fiscal Year End
3/31


Status
Filed (5/15/2017)


Symbol
VBIV


Exchange
NASDAQ Capital


Share Price
 -- 


Shares Offered
 -- 


Offer Amount
$150,000,000.00


Total Expenses
 -- 


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0000764195




Unless we state otherwise in an accompanying prospectus supplement, we intend to
use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered by us under this 
prospectus and any related prospectus supplement for general corporate purposes.
These purposes may include capital expenditures and additions to working 
capital. When a particular series of securities is offered, the prospectus
supplement relating to that series will set forth our intended use for the net
proceeds we receive from the sale of the securities. Pending the application of
the net proceeds, we may invest the proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing
instruments or other investment-grade securities.


Our products and product candidates face, and will continue to face, intense 
competition from large pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies as well as academic and research institutions. We 
compete in an industry that is characterized by: (i) rapid technological change;
(ii) evolving industry standards; (iii) emerging competition; and (iv) new 
product introductions. Competitors have existing products and technologies that
will compete with our product candidates and technologies and may develop and
commercialize additional products and technologies that will compete with our
product candidates and technologies. Because several competing companies and
institutions have greater financial resources than us, they may be able to: (i)
provide broader services and product lines; (ii) make greater investments in
research and development (“R&D”); and (iii) carry on larger R&D initiatives.
Competitors also have greater development capabilities than we do and have
substantially greater experience in undertaking nonclinical and clinical testing
of products, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing
pharmaceutical products. They also have greater name recognition and better
access to customers. Our chief competitors in the field of HBV vaccines include
companies such as Pfizer, Dynavax Technologies, Merck & Co. (“Merck”), Sanofi
Pasteur and GSK.

We face general market competition from several subsectors of the vaccine 
development field, including: (i) large, multinational pharmaceutical companies
including Sanofi, GSK, Merck, and Pfizer, Inc., (ii) mid-size pharmaceutical
companies and emerging biotechnology companies including Takeda Pharmaceutical
Company Limited, Dynavax Technologies Corporation, Genocea Biosciences Inc.,
Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation, Vical, Inc. and Hookipa Biotech AG, and
(iii) academic and not-for-profit vaccine researchers and developers including
the National Institutes of Health and Butantan Institute. The industry is
typified by extensive collaboration, licensing and merger and acquisition 
activity despite the intense competition.

Within the CMV vaccine space, we have several key competitors, some of whom are
further advanced with their CMV vaccine development, as compared to us. Among
these, Merck has a highly potent vaccine based on a replication of a defective
CMV virus with an adjuvant and is completing a Phase I clinical trial. 
Additionally, Hookipa Biotech AG has initiated clinical development of HB - 101
a prophylactic CMV vaccine based on its Vaxwave™ technology. Despite this
competition, we believe there are reasons why our CMV vaccine may have some
advantages, including that: (i) our vaccine is based on the successful VLP
category of vaccines, which has recently been used in the successful 
introduction of cervical cancer vaccines, (ii) it is currently expected to use
aluminum phosphate as an adjuvant, which has a more extensive history of safety
through its inclusion in several pediatric vaccines, and (iii) it has
demonstrated competitive anti-CMV responses in preclinical animal models. We
believe that these advantages merit advancement of the product candidate, but do
not guarantee its success.


Company Description
We are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing next generation
vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. VBI’s
first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac™, a hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics
all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus.


 Sci-B-Vac™ is
approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries. Recently, VBI completed a
post-marketing Phase IV clinical study in Israel to confirm a new in-house
reference standard for regulatory and quality control purposes. Sci-B-Vac™ has
not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), the
European Medicines Agency (the “EMA”) or Health Canada (“HC”). VBI is currently
developing a Phase III clinical program to obtain FDA, EMA, and HC market 
approvals for commercial sale of Sci-B-Vac™ in the United States, Europe, and
Canada, respectively. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, SciVac Ltd., manufactures
Sci-B-Vac™ in Rehovot, Israel.
 
We are also advancing our two platform technologies – our Enveloped Virus-Like
Particle (“eVLP”) platform technology and our Lipid Particle Vaccine (“LPV”)
technology. Our eVLP platform technology enables the development of enveloped
virus-like particle vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a
potent immune response. We are advancing a pipeline of eVLP vaccines, with lead
programs in both infectious disease, with our congenital cytomegalovirus (“CMV”)
vaccine, and in immuno-oncology, with our therapeutic glioblastoma multiforme
(“GBM” or “glioblastoma”) vaccine candidate. Our LPV Thermostability technology
is a proprietary formulation of lipids and process that allows vaccines and
biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety at temperatures outside of
the most common cold chain storage requirements of 2 oC to 8 oC.
---

Our headquarters are located at 222 Third Street, Suite 2241, Cambridge,
Massachusetts, 02142. Our primary research facility is located in Ottawa,
Ontario, Canada and our Sci-B-Vac™ manufacturing facilities are located in
Rehovot, Israel and managed by SciVac Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary. Our
telephone number at our headquarters is (617) 830-3031. Our registered office is
located at 1200 Waterfront Centre, 200 Burrard St, P.O. Box 48600, Vancouver,
BC, Canada V7X 1T2. Our website: www.vbivaccines.com.


Full Description





Company Financials



Revenue
$127,000


Net Income
-$8,638,000


Total Assets
$96,989,000






Total Liabilities
$21,130,000


Stockholders' Equity
$75,859,000


View all Company Financials for VBIV


Company Filings

                                Viewing: 1 - 1 Total: 1
                            











Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



VBI VACCINES INC/BC
S-3
5/15/2017
Filing



View all SEC Filings for VBIV




Experts


Auditor
EisnerAmper LLP


Company Counsel
Borden Ladner Gervais LLP


Transfer Agent
ComputerShare


Underwriter
 -- 




The SPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest SPOs for the most recent information.


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX


















































 




10-K: VBI VACCINES INC/BC - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









9:15 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7:38 P.M. ET


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7:28 P.M. ET


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: VBI VACCINES INC/BC
    








    By

Published: Mar 20, 2017 4:36 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis here and throughout this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.  Overview  Levon Merger  On July 9, 2015, Levon Resources Ltd. ("Levon") completed a plan of arrangement (the "Levon Merger") pursuant to which SciVac Ltd. ("SciVac"), an Israel based company, completed a reverse takeover of Levon. Levon changed its name from Levon Resources Ltd. to SciVac Therapeutics Inc. Other than approximately CAD $27 million in cash retained by Levon, all other assets and liabilities of Levon were transferred or assumed by 1027949 BC Ltd., Levon's wholly owned subsidiary ("BC Ltd."). Additionally, upon consummation of the Levon Merger, each Levon shareholder received 0.5 common shares of BC Ltd., resulting in the Levon shareholders holding 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of BC Ltd; therefore, the Company no longer owns any equity interest in BC Ltd.  VBI- SciVac Merger  On October 26, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement pursuant to which it agreed to acquire VBI DE by way of a merger transaction.  On May 6, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of VBI DE, pursuant to which Seniccav Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of SciVac, merged with and into VBI DE, with VBI DE continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SciVac (the "VBI-SciVac Merger"). Upon completion of the VBI-SciVac Merger, SciVac changed its name to "VBI Vaccines Inc." and received approval for the listing of its common shares on The Nasdaq Capital Market. The common shares began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of trading on May 9, 2016 under the Company's new name and the ticker symbol, VBIV. Prior to the VBI-SciVac Merger, the Company's common shares were also listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the "TSX") under the symbol "VAC". Following the Effective Time of the VBI-SciVac Merger, the common shares began to trade on the TSX under the new symbol, "VBV".  VBI is a commercial-stage, biopharmaceutical company developing next generation vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. We currently manufacture our product, Sci-B-Vac(TM), a third generation Hepatitis B ("HBV") vaccine for adults, children and newborns, which is approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries. Sci-B-Vac(TM), but has not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") or the European Medicines Agency (the "EMA"). The Sci-B-Vac(TM) vaccine has demonstrated safety and efficacy in over 300,000 patients in currently licensed markets. Several clinical trials have shown more rapid and higher rates of seroprotection with Sci-B-Vac(TM) than with GlaxoSmithKline's Engerix-B(R). Engerix-B(R) is one of the standards of care to prevent hepatitis B infection globally. VBI is nearing the completion of a Phase IV clinical study in Israel. The purpose of this study was to confirm a new in-house reference standard for regulatory and quality control purposes. VBI is currently developing a clinical program to obtain FDA and EMA market approvals for commercial sale of Sci-B-Vac(TM) in the United States and the European Union (the "EU"), respectively. VBI recently received positive scientific advice from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use ("CHMP") of the EMA regarding the Company's development path for its Sci-B-Vac(TM) vaccine in Europe. In its letter, the CHMP expressed its support of VBI's proposed plan to proceed to the Phase III clinical studies of Sci-B-Vac(TM). The CHMP also agreed that the product information, as well as data from ongoing studies, supports the Phase III clinical studies and VBI's planned filing of a market authorization application ("MAA") for Sci-B-Vac(TM). Our wholly-owned subsidiary in Rehovot, Israel currently manufactures and sells Sci-B-Vac(TM).  As a result of our acquisition of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc. ("VBI DE") on May 6, 2016 (see Background of VBI DE below), we are developing novel technologies that seek to enhance vaccine protection in large, underserved markets. These include an enveloped "Virus Like Particle" or "eVLP" vaccine platform that allows for the design of enveloped virus-like particle vaccines that closely mimic the target viruses. VBI is advancing a pipeline of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in human cytomegalovirus ("CMV"), an infection that, while common, can lead to serious complications in babies and people with weak immune systems, and is involved in the progression of glioblastoma multiforme ("GBM"), which is a form of brain cancer. In September 2016, the Company completed the enrollment and initial dosing of 128 participants in the Phase I clinical study to evaluate its preventative CMV vaccine candidate. The Phase I study is designed to assess the safety and tolerability of VBI's CMV vaccine candidate in 128 healthy CMV-negative adults. The study will also measure levels of vaccine-induced CMV neutralizing antibodies that may prevent CMV infection. Preliminary results are anticipated in the first half of 2017.  The Company is also advancing its LPV(TM) Thermostability Platform, a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety. We may also seek to in-license clinical-stage vaccines that we believe complement our product portfolio, in addition to technologies that may supplement our therapeutic vaccination efforts in immuno-oncology.  At present, the Company's operations are focused on:  ? Manufacturing and sale of Sci-B-Vac(TM) in territories where it is currently registered;  ? Continuing the Phase IV trial in Israel as described above;  ? Preparing for Sci-B-Vac(TM) clinical trials to support various marketing authorizations in the U.S., Canada and Europe;  ? Conducting human proof-of-concept clinical trials with our CMV vaccine candidate;  ? Continuing pre-clinical development of our GBM vaccine candidate;  ? Scaling-up manufacturing capabilities to commercialize products and dose forms for which we may obtain regulatory approval;  ? Continuing the research and development of our product candidates, including the exploration and development of new product candidates;  ? Providing contracted services, primarily to customers in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors;  ? Adding operational, financial and management information systems and human resources support, including additional personnel to support our vaccine development;  ? Maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio.  VBI's income generating activities have been from sales of its Sci-B-Vac(TM) product in markets that have generated a limited number of sales to-date as well as fees from R&D services. VBI has also incurred significant net losses and negative operating cash flows since inception. As of December 31, 2016, VBI had an accumulated deficit of approximately $105.0 million and stockholders' equity of approximately $83.7 million. Our ability to maintain our status as an operating company is dependent upon obtaining adequate cash to finance our clinical development, our administrative overhead and our research and development activities. We plan to finance future operations with a combination of existing cash reserves, proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, the issuance of additional debt, and revenues from potential collaborations, if any. There is no assurance the Company will manage to obtain these sources of financing. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern.  We have incurred operating losses since inception, have not generated significant product sales revenue and have not achieved profitable operations. We incurred net losses of $23.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses in future periods. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially as we continue the clinical development of the Sci-B-Vac(TM) product and CMV vaccine candidate as well as advance our pre-clinical-stage product candidate, GBM. These include expenses related to:  ? Conducting human proof-of-concept clinical trials including the continuation of the CMV Phase I clinical trial, a planned GBM Phase I clinical trial and preparation for a Sci-B-Vac(TM) Phase III trial will require significant financial resources;  ? continuing the research and development of our product candidates;  ? scaling-up manufacturing capabilities through sub-contractors to commercialize products and dose forms for which we may obtain regulatory approval;  ? maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio;  ? hiring additional clinical, manufacturing, and scientific personnel or contractors; and  ? adding operational, financial and management information systems and human resources support, including additional personnel, to support our vaccine development.  In addition, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses as a public company, which subjects us to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ Capital Market.  In 2016, we raised $24.1 million in equity and $15.0 million in debt financing to support our Sci-B-Vac(TM), CMV and GBM vaccine program, to continue the advancement of our research programs and for other general corporate purposes. Based upon our current cash position and by monitoring our discretionary expenditures as well as the careful management of our clinical trial commitments and operating costs, we believe these proceeds will be sufficient to fund our activities, including our approved capital expenditure requirements, into 2018. We expect, however, that we will need to secure additional financing in the future to carry out all of our planned clinical, regulatory, R&D, sales and manufacturing activities with respect to the advancement of our Sci-B-Vac(TM) and new vaccine candidates.  Since inception, VBI and its subsidiaries collectively have raised approximately $124.7 million in total equity and debt financing to support clinical and research development and general business operations.  R&D Services  Pursuant to an agreement with the Office of the Chief Scientist in Israel, the Company is required to make services available for the biotechnology industry in Israel. These services include relevant activities for development and manufacturing of therapeutic proteins according to international standards and cGMP quality level suitable for toxicological studies in animals and clinical studies (Phase I & II) in humans. Service activities include analytics/bio analytics methods for development and process development of therapeutic proteins starting with a lead candidate clone through the upstream, purification, formulation and filling processes and manufacturing for Phase I & II clinical trials.  These R&D services are primarily marketed to the Israeli research community in academia and Israeli biotechnology companies in the life sciences lacking the infrastructure or experience in the development and production of therapeutic proteins in the standards and quality required for clinical trials for human use. In 2016 and 2015 the Company provided services to more than 10 biotech companies including analytical development, upstream development process, protein purification and formulation and filling for Phase I clinical studies.  VBI Cda also provides some R&D services pursuant to a research agreement and certain governmental research and development grants.  Financial Overview  Overall Performance  The Company had net losses of approximately $23.2 and $26.2 for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $105.0 as December 31, 2016. The Company had $32.3 of cash at December 31, 2016 and net working capital of approximately $26.7.  Research and Development Expenses  Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the development of our CMV vaccine, which include:  ? the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical trial materials and other consumables and lab supplies used in our pre-clinical studies  ? expenses incurred under agreements with contractors or Contract Manufacturing Organizations to advance the CMV vaccine into clinical trials; and  ? employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense.  We expense research and development costs when we incur them.  General and Administrative Expenses  General and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs for executive and other administrative personnel and consultants, including stock-based compensation and travel expenses. Other general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, patent protection, consulting and accounting services, travel and conference fees, including board and scientific advisory board meeting costs, rent, maintenance of facilities, depreciation, office supplies and expenses, insurance and other general expenses. General and administrative expenses are expensed when incurred.  We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as a result of adding employees and scaling our operations commensurate with advancing a clinical candidate and continuing to support a public company infrastructure. These increases will likely include increased costs for insurance, hiring of additional personnel, board committees, outside consultants, investor relations, lawyers and accountants, among other expenses.  Interest Income  Interest income consists principally of interest income earned on cash balances and on R&D tax refunds.  Interest Expense  Interest expense is associated with our previously outstanding convertible notes and the credit facility entered into on July 25, 2014 and subsequently amended on December 6, 2016.  Results of Operations  Year Ended December 31, 2016 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2015  All amounts stated below are in thousands, unless otherwise indicated.  Revenues  Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $548, as compared to $955 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The revenue decreased by $407, or 42.6%, largely as a result of the partial shutdown of production during the first quarter of 2016 for maintenance and construction as well as the subsequent slower ramp-up of revenues and the reduction of the number of larger service contacts in 2016 compared to 2015. These reductions were partially offset by $220 of collaboration revenue generated through VBI DE since the VBI-SciVac Merger.  Revenue by Geographic Region 2016 2015 $ Change % Change $ $ Revenue in Israel $ 320 $ 534 $ (214 ) (40 %) Revenue in Asia 4 8 (4 ) (50 %) Revenue in Europe 224 413 (189 ) (46 %) Total Revenue $ 548 $ 955 (407 ) (43 %)  Revenue earned in Israel for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $320 as compared to $534 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The revenue earned in Israel decreased by $214 or 40% primarily as a result of a reduction in the production of Sci-B-VacTM due to the partial closure during the year for maintenance and upgrades. Manufacturing was fully restored during the second quarter of 2016.  Revenue earned in Asia for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were insignificant.  Revenue earned in Europe for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $224 as compared to $413 for the year ended December 31, 2015. Although there was some research service-related revenues during the year ended December 31, 2016, there was significantly more services revenue earned in Europe during the year ended December 31, 2015 from the completion of two large service projects.  Cost of Revenues  Cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $3,671 as compared to $3,753 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease in the cost of revenues of $82, or 2.2%, was a result of a decrease of production activities as a result of a partial shutdown of the manufacturing facility for maintenance and upgrades during the first half of 2016 which was offset by a provision of approximately $341 for inventory which largely related to some excess raw materials in inventory which are no longer expected to be used in the manufacturing process.  Research and Development  Research and development ("R&D") expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $9,966 as compared to $14,123 for the year ended December 31, 2015. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company incurred $13,505 in costs related to the acquisition of DNASE technology. This one-time cost was not repeated during the year ended December 31, 2016. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the decrease in the cost of R&D due to the non-recurrence of the technology acquisition was largely offset by the R&D expenses incurred by VBI DE since the VBI-SciVac Merger in the amount of $2.3 million. These costs included fees paid to CROs and other contractors in support of the trials as well as R&D salaries, contractors, consumables, license and patent related fees and well as a $637 share-based compensation expense related to the issuance of options and restricted shares.  General and Administrative  General and administrative ("G&A") expenses for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $11,761 as compared to $6,838 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The G&A expense increase of $4,923 or 72%, was primarily a result of an additional $3,694 in operating costs incurred by VBI DE since the VBI-SciVac Merger. These costs included salaries, facilities related costs, administrative, legal and professional fees. In addition, subsequent to the VBI-SciVac Merger there was share-based compensation expense of $2,521 related to the issuance of options and restricted shares compared to $2,127 for the year ended December 31, 2015 related to advisory services received in connection with the Levon merger. In addition, during 2016 there were additional professional and transaction related costs incurred by the Company related to the VBI-SciVac Merger which were partially offset by the non-recurrence of professional and transaction fees arising from the Levon Merger that closed July 9, 2015.  Net Loss from Operations  The net loss from operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $24,850 as compared to $23,759 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The $1,091 increase in the net loss from operations resulted from the increased R&D and G&A costs resulting from the VBI-SciVac Merger, largely offset by the non-recurrence of $13,505 in costs related to the DNASE technology that were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2015, discussed above.  Interest Expense, net  The interest expense decrease of $781 is a result of the deemed interest of certain previously outstanding related party loans that were held in SciVac prior to the Levon Merger (these loans and capital notes were exchanged for common shares of the Company as part of the Levon Merger). This decrease was partially offset by $392 of interest recorded in 2016 related to the long-term loan. In 2016, the interest expense relates to the interest on the debt facility that was assumed upon the VBI-SciVac Merger and the interest on the debt facility received in December 2016. The interest paid on long-term debt during the year-ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $283 and $0, respectively. The Company also accreted $109 of non-cash interest expense related to the debt discount during 2016.  Foreign Exchange Loss (Gain)  The foreign exchange gain of $189 as compared to a foreign exchange loss in the 2015 period of $1,458, is the result of the fluctuation in the foreign currency exchange rate of the Canadian dollar ("CAD") and the New Israeli Shekel ("NIS") as compared to the U.S. dollar.  Income tax benefit  The income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2016 was $1,780 as compared to $129 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The tax benefit recognized in 2016 related to the deferred taxes recorded for the increase in net operating loss carry forwards in the acquired Company subsequent to the VBI-SciVac Merger. In 2015, the income tax benefit recognized related to the deemed interest expense on the related party loans.  Net Loss  The net loss decreased by $2,988 or 11.4%, from $26,193 for the year ended December 31, 2015 to $23,205 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease in our net loss is mainly attributable to the decrease in our loss from operations and the increase in the income tax benefit, discussed above.  Liquidity and Capital Resources   December 31, 2016 December 31, 2015 $ Change % Change $ $ Cash $ 32,282 $ 12,476 $ 19,806 158.8 % Current Assets 34,358 14,522 19,836 136.6 % Current Liabilities 7,614 2,929 4,685 160.0 % Working Capital 26,744 11,593 15,151 130.7 % Accumulated Deficit (104,980 ) (81,775 ) (23,205 ) (28.4 %)  As at December 31, 2016, we had cash of $32,282 as compared to $12,476 as at December 31, 2015. As at December 31, 2016, the Company had working capital of $26,744 as compared to working capital of $11,593 at December 31, 2015. Working capital is calculated by subtracting current liabilities from current assets.  We expect, that we will need to secure additional financing in the future to carry out all of our planned clinical, regulatory, R&D, sales and manufacturing activities with respect to the advancement of our Sci-B-Vac(TM) and new vaccine candidates. We base this belief on assumptions that are subject to change, and we may be required to use our available cash resources sooner than we currently expect. The Company expects a need to raise additional funds in order to continue its ongoing development programs. The additional funds may be in the form of additional debt, equity or a combination of both and may require that additional warrants be issued.  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  On June 20, 2016, the Company closed an equity private placement. Under the terms of the financing, the Company sold an aggregate of 3,269,688 of its common shares at a price of approximately $4.16 per share for total gross proceeds of approximately $13.7 million. As previously disclosed, the Company has and will continue to use the proceeds from the private placement for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the continued development of its growing vaccine pipeline. The securities sold in the private placement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be resold absent registration under or exemption from such Act. Contemporaneously with the December 2016 transaction discussed below, an additional 77,787 common shares were issued pursuant to an anti-dilution provision included in the share purchase agreement.  On December 6, 2016, we raised $10.6 million in an equity financing transaction with Perceptive Life Sciences Master Fund Ltd. and Titan-Perc Ltd. Under the terms of the equity financing, we sold an aggregate of 3,475,000 of our common shares at a price of $3.05 per share, for total gross proceeds of approximately $10.6 million. In a concurrent debt financing transaction with Perceptive Credit Holdings, LP ("Perceptive Credit"), we raised an additional $12.8 million net of $360 in deferring financing charges. Additionally, Perceptive Credit increased its current credit agreement with us by funding an additional $13.2 million in secured debt. In conjunction with the additional debt funding, we issued a 5-year warrant to Perceptive Credit for the purchase of an aggregate of 1,705,053 common shares. Up to 363,771 of the common shares underlying the warrant may be exercised at a price of $4.13 per share and up to 1,341,282 of the common shares underlying the warrant may be exercised at a price of $3.355 per share. We have and will continue to use the proceeds of the private placement for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the continued development of our growing vaccine pipeline.  Our actual future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the progress and results of our clinical trials, the duration and cost of discovery and preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our products, the timing and outcome of regulatory review of our products, product sales outside of Israel, the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights, the number and development requirements of other product candidates that we pursue and the costs of commercialization activities, including product marketing, sales and distribution.  The Company will require significant additional funds to conduct clinical and non-clinical trials, achieve regulatory approvals, and, subject to such approvals, commercially launch its products.  If adequate funds are not available, in order to continue operations the Company may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our research and development programs, reduce our planned commercialization efforts or obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain product candidates that we might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize independently.  We may need to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. Although we are pursuing different opportunities, other than as disclosed in this report, we currently do not have any signed commitments for future external funding. We may need to raise additional funds more quickly if one or more of our assumptions prove to be incorrect or if we choose to expand our product development efforts more rapidly than we presently anticipate. We may also decide to raise additional funds even before we need them if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. The sale of additional equity or debt securities will likely result in dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could also result in covenants that would restrict our operations. Additional equity . . .  Mar 20, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





















10-Q: VBI VACCINES INC/BC - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,830
+33.76
+0.15%






Nasdaq

6,375
-7.51
-0.12%






S&P 500

2,472
-3.32
-0.13%









9:15 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
                                





 
7:38 P.M. ET


                                  Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
                                





 
7:28 P.M. ET


                                  A Wild Week in Washington 
                                





 
6:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      The dark side of cruises
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


                                   Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
                                





 
6:31 P.M. ET


Updated
      O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
                                





 
6:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
                                





 
6:29 P.M. ET


Updated
      Top 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
                                





 
6:28 P.M. ET


Updated
      3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
                                





 
6:27 P.M. ET


Updated
      Americans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
                                





 
6:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
                                





 
6:14 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
                                





 
6:13 P.M. ET


Updated
      These 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
                                





 
6:11 P.M. ET


Updated
      Watch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      ‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
                                





 
6:08 P.M. ET


Updated
      This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: VBI VACCINES INC/BC
    








    By

Published: May 15, 2017 8:48 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and with our audited consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, particularly in Part II, Item 1A, "Risk Factors."  Overview  VBI- SciVac Merger  On May 6, 2016, the Company completed its acquisition of VBI DE, pursuant to which Seniccav Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of SciVac, merged with and into VBI DE, with VBI DE continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of SciVac (the "VBI-SciVac Merger"). Upon completion of the VBI-SciVac Merger, SciVac changed its name to "VBI Vaccines Inc." and received approval for the listing of its common shares on The NASDAQ Capital Market. The common shares began trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market at the opening of trading on May 9, 2016 under the Company's new name and the ticker symbol "VBIV." Prior to the VBI-SciVac Merger, the Company's common shares were also listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange (the "TSX") under the symbol "VAC." Following the Effective Time of the VBI-SciVac Merger, the common shares began to trade on the TSX under the new symbol "VBV."  We are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing next generation vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. VBI's first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac(TM), a hepatitis B ("HBV") vaccine that mimics all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus. Sci-B-Vac(TM) is approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries. Recently, VBI completed a post-marketing Phase IV clinical study in Israel to confirm a new in-house reference standard for regulatory and quality control purposes. Sci-B-Vac(TM) has not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA"), the European Medicines Agency (the "EMA") or Health Canada ("HC"). VBI is currently developing a Phase III clinical program to obtain FDA, EMA, and HC market approvals for commercial sale of Sci-B-Vac(TM) in the United States, Europe, and Canada, respectively. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, SciVac Ltd., manufactures Sci-B-Vac(TM) in Rehovot, Israel.  With the acquisition of VBI DE in 2016, a significant R&D priority has been the CMV vaccine candidate's GMP manufacturing and its clinical development. Our CMV vaccine candidate was designed internally, and its manufacturing and purification processes were designed by the NRC in collaboration with our staff. Such processes and internal knowledge were transferred to our selected GMP manufacturer, Paragon, and required significant project management expertise and confirmatory R&D studies throughout 2014. In 2015, we engaged a contract research organization, ITR Laboratories Canada Inc., and completed GLP toxicology studies to confirm the safety of the CMV vaccine candidate in animals. We initiated a Phase I clinical study in June 2016 to assess the safety and tolerability of our CMV vaccine candidate in healthy, CMV-negative adults.  We are also advancing our two platform technologies - our Enveloped Virus-Like Particle ("eVLP") platform technology and our Lipid Particle Vaccine ("LPV") technology. Our eVLP platform technology enables the development of enveloped virus-like particle vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. We are advancing a pipeline of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in both infectious disease, with our congenital cytomegalovirus ("CMV") vaccine, and in immuno-oncology, with our therapeutic glioblastoma multiforme ("GBM" or "glioblastoma") vaccine candidate.  Our LPV Thermostability technology is a proprietary formulation of lipids and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety at temperatures outside of the most common cold chain storage requirements of 2oC to 8 oC.  At present, the Company's operations are focused on:  ? manufacturing and sale of Sci-B-Vac(TM) in territories where it is currently registered;  ? reporting the Phase IV study results in Israel as described above;  ? preparing for the Sci-B-Vac(TM) Phase III clinical studies to support various marketing authorizations in the U.S., Canada and Europe;  ? conducting the Phase I clinical study with our CMV vaccine candidate;  ? preparing for the planned Phase I clinical study of our GBM vaccine candidate;  ? scaling-up Sci-B-Vac(TM) manufacturing capabilities to further commercialize this product and other dose forms for which we may obtain regulatory approval;  ? continuing the research and development of our product candidates, including the exploration and development of new product candidates;  ? providing contracted services, primarily to customers in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors;  ? adding operational, financial and management information systems and human resources support, including additional personnel to support our vaccine development and commercialization activities; and  ? maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio.  VBI's income generating activities have been from sales of its Sci-B-Vac(TM) product in markets that have generated a limited number of sales to-date as well as fees from research and development ("R&D") services. VBI has also incurred significant net losses and negative operating cash flows since inception. As of March 31, 2017, VBI had an accumulated deficit of approximately $113,618. Our ability to maintain our status as an operating company is dependent upon obtaining adequate cash to finance our clinical development, our administrative overhead and our research and development activities. We plan to finance future operations with a combination of existing cash reserves, proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, the issuance of additional debt, and revenues from potential collaborations, if any. There is no assurance the Company will manage to obtain these sources of financing. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should we be unable to continue as a going concern.  We have incurred operating losses since inception, have not generated significant product sales revenue and have not achieved profitable operations. We incurred a net loss of $8,638 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses in future periods. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase substantially as we continue the clinical development of the Sci-B-Vac(TM) product and CMV vaccine candidate as well as advance our pre-clinical-stage product candidate, GBM. These include expenses related to:  ? conducting the CMV Phase I clinical study, a planned GBM Phase I clinical study and preparation for a Sci-B-Vac(TM) Phase III program which will require significant financial resources;  ? continuing the research and development of our product candidates;  ? scaling-up manufacturing capabilities through sub-contractors to commercialize products and dose forms for which we may obtain regulatory approval;  ? maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio;  ? hiring additional clinical, manufacturing, and scientific personnel or contractors; and  ? adding operational, financial and management information systems and human resources support, including additional personnel, to support our vaccine development and commercialization activities.  In addition, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant expenses as a public company, which subjects us to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of The NASDAQ Capital Market and the Toronto Stock Exchange.  In 2016, we raised $24.1 million in equity and $13.2 million in debt financing to support our Sci-B-Vac(TM), CMV and GBM vaccine programs, to continue the advancement of our research programs and for other general corporate purposes. We expect that we will need to secure additional financing in the future to carry out all of our planned clinical, regulatory, R&D, sales and manufacturing activities with respect to the advancement of our Sci-B-Vac(TM) and new vaccine candidates.  Since inception, VBI and its subsidiaries collectively have raised approximately $124.7 million in total equity and debt financing to support clinical and research development and general business operations.  R&D Services  Pursuant to an agreement with the Office of the Chief Scientist in Israel, the Company is required to make services available for the biotechnology industry in Israel. These services include relevant activities for development and manufacturing of therapeutic proteins according to international standards and cGMP quality level suitable for toxicological studies in animals and clinical studies (Phase I & II) in humans. Service activities include analytics/bio analytics methods for development and process development of therapeutic proteins starting with a lead candidate clone through the upstream, purification, formulation and filling processes and manufacturing for Phase I & II clinical studies.  These R&D services are primarily marketed to the Israeli research community in academia and Israeli biotechnology companies in the life sciences lacking the infrastructure or experience in the development and production of therapeutic proteins and the standards and quality required for clinical studies for human use. In 2016 and 2015, the Company provided services to more than 10 biotech companies including analytical development, upstream development process, protein purification and formulation and filling for Phase I clinical studies.  VBI Cda also provides R&D services pursuant to a research agreement and certain governmental research and development grants.  Financial Overview  Overall Performance  The Company had net losses of approximately $8,638 and $1,079 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Company has an accumulated deficit of $113,618 at March 31, 2017. The Company had $23,509 of cash at March 31, 2017 and net working capital of approximately $17,999.  R&D Expenses  R&D expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for the development of our CMV, GBM and Sci-B-Vac(TM) vaccines, which include:  ? the cost of acquiring, developing and manufacturing clinical study materials and other consumables and lab supplies used in our pre-clinical studies  ? expenses incurred under agreements with contractors or Contract Manufacturing Organizations to advance the vaccines into clinical studies; and  ? employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, travel and stock-based compensation expense.  We expense R&D costs when we incur them.  General and Administrative Expenses  General and administrative expenses consist principally of salaries and related costs for executive and other administrative personnel and consultants, including stock-based compensation and travel expenses. Other general and administrative expenses include professional fees for legal, patent protection, consulting and accounting services, travel and conference fees, including board and scientific advisory board meeting costs, rent, maintenance of facilities, depreciation, office supplies and expenses, insurance and other general expenses. General and administrative expenses are expensed when incurred.  We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in the future as a result of adding employees and scaling our operations commensurate with advancing clinical candidates and continuing to support a public company infrastructure. These increases will likely include increased costs for insurance, hiring of additional personnel, board committees, outside consultants, investor relations, lawyers and accountants, among other expenses.  Interest Income  Interest income consists principally of interest income earned on cash balances and on R&D tax refunds.  Interest Expense  Interest expense is associated with our previously outstanding convertible notes and the credit facility entered into on July 25, 2014 and subsequently amended on December 6, 2016.  Results of Operations  Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2016  All amounts stated below are in thousands, unless otherwise indicated.  Revenues  Revenue for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $127, as compared to $48 for the three months ended March 31, 2016.  Revenue by Geographic Region March 31, 2017 March 31, 2016 $ Change % Change $ $ Revenue in Israel $ 111 $ 40 $ 71 177.5 % Revenue in Asia 14 4 10 250 % Revenue in South America 2 - 2 N/A Revenue in Europe - 4 (4 ) (100 )% Total Revenue $ 127 $ 48 79 164.6 %  Revenue earned in Israel for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $111 as compared to $40 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The revenue earned in Israel increased by $71, or 177.5%, primarily as a result of completion of a fee for service project during the first quarter of 2017 compared to 2016.  Revenue earned in Asia, South America and Europe for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016 were insignificant.  Cost of Revenues  Cost of revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 was $1,275 as compared to $377 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The increase in the cost of revenues of $898, or 238%, was a result of a returning to routine production, increase of production-related headcount compared to previous year. The prior year also experienced a significant decrease of production activities as a result of a partial shutdown of the manufacturing facility for maintenance and upgrades.  Research and Development  R&D expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $4,654 as compared to $254 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. During the three months ended March 31, 2017, the significant increase in the cost of R&D was due to the R&D expenses incurred by VBI DE since the VBI-SciVac Merger in the amount of $2,423 as well as approximately $1,686 of contractors and consultant costs largely related to Sci-B-Vac(TM) clinical and product development costs as well as share-based compensation expense related to the issuance of options and restricted shares.  General and Administrative  General and administrative ("G&A") expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $3,045 as compared to $1,980 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The G&A expense increase of $1,065, or 53.8%, was primarily a result of an additional $1,125 in operating costs incurred by VBI DE since the VBI-SciVac Merger. These costs included salaries, facilities related costs, administrative, legal and professional fees. In addition, subsequent to the VBI-SciVac Merger there was share-based compensation expense of approximately $423 related to the issuance of options and restricted shares whereas in the comparative quarter in 2016 there was none. These increases were partially offset by approximately $480 of cost savings primarily related to G&A salaries, as well as legal and professional fees related to the VBI-SciVac merger which were incurred in the three months ended March 31, 2016.  Net Loss from Operations  The net loss from operations for the three months ended March 31, 2017 were $8,847 as compared to $2,563 for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The $6,284 increase in the net loss from operations resulted from the increased R&D and G&A costs resulting from the VBI-SciVac Merger as well as the increase in the cost of revenues.  Interest Expense, net  The interest expense increase of $679 is largely a result of $450 interest paid on the long-term debt as well as the accretion of $288 of non-cash interest expense related to the debt discount for the three months ended March 31, 2017 whereas there was none in the comparative period for 2016. The interest paid on long-term debt during for the three months ended March 31, 2016 was $25.  Foreign Exchange Gain  The foreign exchange gain of $482 in the three months ended March 31, 2017 as compared to a $1,509 in the comparative period for 2016, is the result of the fluctuation in the foreign currency exchange rate of the CAD and the NIS as compared to the U.S. dollar.  Net Loss  The net loss increased by $7,559, or 700.6%, from $1,079 for the three months ended March 31, 2016 to $8,638 for the three months ended March 31, 2017. The increase in our net loss is mainly attributable to the increase in our loss from operations.  Liquidity and Capital Resources March 31, 2017 December 31, 2016 $ Change % Change Cash $ 23,509 $ 32,282 $ (8,773 ) (27.2 )% Current Assets 25,783 34,358 (8,575 ) (25.0 )% Current Liabilities 7,784 7,614 170 2.2 % Working Capital 17,999 26,744 (8, 745 ) (32.7 )% Accumulated Deficit (113,618 ) (104,980 ) (8,638 ) 8.2 %  As at March 31, 2017, we had cash of $23,509 as compared to $32,282 as at December 31, 2016. As at March 31, 2017, the Company had working capital of $17,999 as compared to working capital of $26,744 at December 31, 2016. Working capital is calculated by subtracting current liabilities from current assets.  We expect that we will need to secure additional financing in the future to carry out all of our planned clinical, regulatory, R&D, sales and manufacturing activities with respect to the advancement of Sci-B-Vac(TM) and new vaccine candidates. We base this belief on assumptions that are subject to change, and we may be required to use our available cash resources sooner than we currently expect. The Company expects a need to raise additional funds in order to continue its ongoing development programs. The additional funds may be in the form of additional debt, equity or a combination of both and may require that additional warrants be issued.  The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  On June 20, 2016, the Company closed an equity private placement. Under the terms of the financing, the Company sold an aggregate of 3,269,688 of its common shares at a price of approximately $4.16 per share for total gross proceeds of approximately $13.6 million. As previously disclosed, the Company has and will continue to use the proceeds from the private placement for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the continued development of its growing vaccine pipeline. The securities sold in the private placement have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be resold absent registration under or exemption from the Securities Act.  On December 6, 2016, we raised $10.6 million in an equity financing transaction with Perceptive Life Sciences Master Fund Ltd. and Titan-Perc Ltd. Under the terms of the equity financing, we sold an aggregate of 3,475,000 of our common shares at a price of $3.05 per share, for total gross proceeds of approximately $10.6 million. In a concurrent debt financing transaction with Perceptive Credit Holdings, LP ("Perceptive Credit"), we raised an additional $12.8 million net of $360 in deferring financing charges. Additionally, Perceptive Credit increased its current credit agreement with us by funding an additional $13.2 million in secured debt. In conjunction with the additional debt funding, we issued a 5-year warrant to Perceptive Credit for the purchase of an aggregate of 1,705,053 common shares. Up to 363,771 of the common shares underlying the warrant may be exercised at a price of $4.13 per share and up to 1,341,282 of the common shares underlying the warrant may be exercised at a price of $3.355 per share. We have and will continue to use the proceeds of the private placement for working capital and general corporate purposes, including the continued development of our growing vaccine pipeline.  Our actual future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the progress and results of our clinical studies, the duration and cost of discovery and preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical studies for our products, the timing and outcome of regulatory review of our products, product sales outside of Israel, the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims and other intellectual property rights, the number and development requirements of other product candidates that we pursue and the costs of commercialization activities, including product marketing, sales and distribution.  The Company will require significant additional funds to conduct clinical and non-clinical studies, achieve regulatory approvals, and, subject to such approvals, commercially launch its products.  If adequate funds are not available, in order to continue operations the Company may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our research and development programs, reduce our planned commercialization efforts or obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators or others that may require us to relinquish rights to certain product candidates that we might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize independently.  We may need to finance our future cash needs through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. Although we are pursuing different opportunities, other than as disclosed in this Form 10-Q, we currently do not have any signed commitments for future external funding. We may need to raise additional funds more quickly if one or more of our assumptions prove to be incorrect or if we choose to expand our product development efforts more rapidly than we presently anticipate. We may also decide to raise additional funds even before we need them if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. The sale of additional equity or debt securities will likely result in dilution to our stockholders. Additional equity or debt financing, grants or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.  To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities or obtaining borrowings convertible into equity, ownership dilution to existing stockholders will result and future investors may be granted rights superior to those of existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness or debt financing would result in increased fixed obligations and could also result in covenants that would restrict our operations. Our ability to obtain additional capital may depend on prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors beyond our control. The unstable economic environment in the EU, the recent U.S. election and disruptions in the U.S. and global financial markets may adversely impact the availability and cost of credit, as well as our ability to raise money in the capital markets. Current economic conditions have been, and continue to be volatile. Continued instability in these market conditions may limit our ability to access the capital necessary to fund and grow our business.  Net cash used by Operating Activities  The Company incurred net losses of $8,638 and $1,079 in the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Company used $8,244 and $1,396 in cash for operating activities during the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The increase in cash outflows is largely as a result of increased professional fees and additional operating costs related to the VBI-SciVac Merger transaction as well as increased R&D expenses related to the advancement of the CMV and Sci-B-Vac(TM) vaccines.  Net cash provided by Investing Activities  Cash flows used in investing activities increased by $133, from $133 for the three months ended March 31, 2016 to $266 for the three months ended March 31, 2017 largely related to the purchase of additional property and equipment in SciVac. Going forward, the Company will be required to refresh some information technology equipment and to purchase additional R&D equipment.  Net cash received from Financing Activities  Cash flows related to financing activities were not significant in three months ended March 31, 2016 and 2017.  The Company's long-term success and ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon obtaining sufficient capital to fund the research and development of its products, to bring about their successful commercial release, to generate revenue and, ultimately, to attain profitable operations or, alternatively, to advance its products and technology to such a point that they would be attractive candidates for acquisition by others in the industry.  To date, the Company has been able to obtain financing as and when it was needed? however, there is no assurance that financing will be available in the future, or if it is, that it will be available at acceptable terms.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  As of March 31, 2017 we had no off-balance sheet arrangements.  Commitment and Contingencies  Leases  The remaining minimum annual lease commitments relating to office, lab and manufacturing facilities during the next five years are as follows. See Note 10 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further discussion.  The future annual minimum payments under these leases is as follows:  Year ending December 31   Remaining 2017 $ 661 . . .  May 15, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch




















Most Popular





Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials





All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart





S&P 500, Nasdaq finish lower after Amazon disappointment; Dow closes at record





Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’





Silicon Valley's corporate-campus building boom is a cautionary tale




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 


























VBI Vaccines Inc.





 























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















     



  






VACCINE INNOVATION
VBI Vaccines is developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology








About VBI Vaccines  Vaccine Programs






  







  



  



About VBI Vaccines



VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. VBI’s first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac™, a hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus; Sci-B-Vacis approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries. VBI’s eVLP Platform technology allows for the development of enveloped (“e”) virus-like particle (“VLP”) vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. VBI is advancing a pipeline of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) and glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM”). VBI is also advancing its LPV™ Thermostability Platform, a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety. VBI is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with research operations in Ottawa, Canada and research and manufacturing facilities in Rehovot, Israel. Learn more about VBI Vaccines >>








Recent News and Insights


 
VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine July 27, 2017With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines] July 18, 2017VBI Vaccines Announces Phase 3 Clinical Program for Sci-B-Vac™  Hepatitis B Vaccine July 11, 2017VBI Vaccines Announces Results of Annual General and Special Meeting June 28, 2017VBI Vaccines Added to Russell 2000® and Russell 3000® Indexes June 26, 2017VBI Vaccines Reports Positive Outcome from Phase III Pre-IND Discussions with the FDA for Hepatitis B Vaccine, Sci-B-Vac™ June 19, 2017VBI Vaccines to Present at Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference June 5, 2017




All News and Insights >>










  



Vaccine Programs

  





Approved Vaccines




Sci-B-Vac™ for hepatitis B (“HBV”) Licensed




eVLP-Derived Vaccine Candidates




Cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) Phase I
Glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM”) Preclinical
Medulloblastoma (“MB”) Preclinical
Zika virus (“Zika”) Discovery
Respiratory syncytial virus (“RSV”) Discovery











 
Dr. David Anderson, VBI's Chief Scientific Officer, discusses VBI's eVLP Platform and the company's unique approach to vaccine development.












Technology Platforms

  





eVLP Platform





VBI’s eVLP Platform allows for the design of enveloped (“e”) virus-like particle (“VLP”) vaccines. eVLPs are an innovative new class of synthetic vaccines that are designed to closely mimic the structure of viruses. VBI’s eVLP Platform provides a stable foundation that is suitable for a wide array of prophylactic and therapeutic vaccine candidates.
Learn More










LPV™ Platform





Many vaccines and biologics are highly sensitive to temperature and physical stress which may lead to a loss in potency or reduced safety, limiting protective benefits or therapeutic effects. VBI’s Lipid Particle Vaccines (“LPV”) Platform is a proprietary formulation and process designed to preserve the stability and potency of vaccines and biologics.
Learn More










  
















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 



























Management Team – VBI Vaccines Inc.




 























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















  





Management Team






  



MenuAbout VBIManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardPartnering with VBICareer Opportunities




  



 Jeff Baxter, President and Chief Executive Officer

  












Mr. Baxter joined VBI in September of 2009. Previously, he was a managing partner for the venture capital firm, The Column Group. Until July of 2006, Mr. Baxter was SVP, R&D Finance and Operations, of GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). In his 19 years of pharma experience, he has held line management roles in commercial, manufacturing and IT and the office of the CEO. His most recent position in R&D included responsibility for finance, pipeline resource planning and allocation, business development deal structuring and SROne (GSK’s in-house $125m venture capital fund). He also chaired GSK’s R&D Operating Board. Prior to GSK, he worked at Unilever and British American Tobacco. Mr. Baxter was educated at Thames Valley University and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (FCMA).










  



David E. Anderson, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer

  












A dynamic and well-published immunologist with broad expertise in the areas of vaccine development, autoimmunity and tumor immunology, Dr. Anderson joined VBI full time in 2009 from Harvard Medical School, where he held a position as Assistant Professor. As a co-founder and Chief Scientific Officer of VBI, Dr. Anderson is an inventor of much of the Company’s intellectual property and actively manages its ongoing expansion. Dr. Anderson holds a Ph.D. from Harvard University and a B.S. from the University of California at Davis.










  



Francisco Diaz-Mitoma, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Medical Officer

  












Dr. Diaz-Mitoma is a renowned medical scientist and professor who most recently served as a professor of the Northern Ontario School of Medicine (“NOSM”). While in this position, Dr. Diaz-Mitoma was Vice President of Research at Health Sciences North and founder of the Advanced Medical Research Institute of Canada (“AMRIC”) and served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientist. AMRIC is focused on translational medical and vaccine development research. Prior to joining the faculty at the NOSM, Dr. Diaz-Mitoma was a professor of Pediatrics, Pathology, Laboratory Medicine, and Microbiology at the University of Ottawa. While in this position, he founded the Vaccine and Infectious Disease Centre at the Children’s Hospital of Eastern Ontario (“CHEO”), a pediatric health and research center. Dr. Diaz-Mitoma received his medical degree from the University of Guadalajara, completed fellowship training in Infectious Diseases at the University of Manitoba, and earned a Ph.D. in Virology from the University of Alberta.










  



Egidio Nascimento, CA, Chief Financial Officer

  












Mr. Nascimento joined VBI in 2005 with a wealth of experience in finance and accounting, having previously worked as VP of Finance at Genome Canada and as CFO of two start-up companies. Subsequent to starting and managing KPMG’s New & Emerging Business group in Ottawa, he has focused his career on managing and securing financing for leading-edge technology and biotechnology companies. During his career, he has played a key role in helping emerging companies and a funding agency raise over US$220 million in capital through twenty-three financings. Mr. Nascimento is a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) and Chartered Accountant (CA) and holds a BComm from the University of Ottawa, Canada.










  



Marc J. Kirchmeier, Ph.D., Vice President, Formulation Development

  












Dr. Kirchmeier joined VBI in April of 2010. He comes to VBI from Merck Research Laboratories, where he was a Director in Bioanalytical and Formulation Sciences. During his initial tenure, he was responsible for biologics formulation and later worked on biochemical and biophysical characterization of vaccines, proteins and carbohydrates. Dr. Kirchmeier’s career has been very focused on biopharmaceutical formulation and delivery. Prior to VBI and Merck, he was a Scientist at Corixa Corporation, now GlaxoSmithKline, where he formulated monoclonal antibodies in addition to particulate and adenoviral vaccines. Prior to Corixa he was Director of Drug Delivery Research at Oakwood Laboratories, where his group was responsible for developing sustained-release formulations of peptides and proteins. Dr. Kirchmeier holds a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Oregon State University and a B.S. in Biochemistry from Western Washington University.










  



Adam Buckley, Vice President, Business Development

  












In 2001, Mr. Buckley helped establish VBI. His efforts included attracting seed capital to VBI, developing its first business plan, protecting intellectual property and structuring the company. He had an active role in the company’s Series A financing, raising $35.7 million (U.S.), and has led several key technology acquisitions for the company. Mr. Buckley obtained his M.B.A. and Bachelor of Science in Biology and Psychology at McMaster University in Canada. Prior to joining VBI, he built experience in project management and corporate development at Riverview Hospital in Coquitlam, British Columbia, and at the Children’s Hospital of Eastern Ontario in Ottawa, Ontario.










  



Nell Beattie, Director, Corporate Development and Investor Relations

  












Ms. Beattie joined VBI in 2015 after completing her M.B.A at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. Prior to receiving her M.B.A., she was a consultant at Artisan Healthcare Consulting, where she worked with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to develop financial and strategic analyses, as well as provided guidance and support for corporate and business development efforts. Ms. Beattie also holds a B.A. from Dartmouth College.










  



Avi Mazaltov, Global Head of Manufacturing and SciVac General Manager

  












Mr. Mazaltov is an operations executive with broad experience across industries in defining, managing, and optimizing manufacturing and supply chain activities. Mr. Mazaltov joined VBI in 2017 from Omrix Biopharmaceuticals (a Johnson & Johnson company). At Omrix, Mr. Mazaltov was responsible for Biosurgery operations in Israel and was a member of the Biosurgery leadership team. Prior to joining Omrix, Mr. Mazaltov led the Operations and Infrastructures division of Alvarion Technologies. Prior to Alvarion, Mr. Mazaltov held various high-ranking operational roles at Teva Pharmaceuticals, including Director, Global Manufacturing and Plant Manager, Kfar Saba, where he managed a production facility with 1,000+ employees. Mr. Mazaltov holds a B.Sc. in Production Management from Ben Gurion University of the Negev, Israel.










  
















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 

























VBI Vaccines Inc.





 























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















     



  






VACCINE INNOVATION
VBI Vaccines is developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology








About VBI Vaccines  Vaccine Programs






  







  



  



About VBI Vaccines



VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. VBI’s first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac™, a hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus; Sci-B-Vacis approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries. VBI’s eVLP Platform technology allows for the development of enveloped (“e”) virus-like particle (“VLP”) vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. VBI is advancing a pipeline of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) and glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM”). VBI is also advancing its LPV™ Thermostability Platform, a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety. VBI is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with research operations in Ottawa, Canada and research and manufacturing facilities in Rehovot, Israel. Learn more about VBI Vaccines >>








Recent News and Insights


 
VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine July 27, 2017With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines] July 18, 2017VBI Vaccines Announces Phase 3 Clinical Program for Sci-B-Vac™  Hepatitis B Vaccine July 11, 2017VBI Vaccines Announces Results of Annual General and Special Meeting June 28, 2017VBI Vaccines Added to Russell 2000® and Russell 3000® Indexes June 26, 2017VBI Vaccines Reports Positive Outcome from Phase III Pre-IND Discussions with the FDA for Hepatitis B Vaccine, Sci-B-Vac™ June 19, 2017VBI Vaccines to Present at Jefferies 2017 Global Healthcare Conference June 5, 2017




All News and Insights >>










  



Vaccine Programs

  





Approved Vaccines




Sci-B-Vac™ for hepatitis B (“HBV”) Licensed




eVLP-Derived Vaccine Candidates




Cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) Phase I
Glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM”) Preclinical
Medulloblastoma (“MB”) Preclinical
Zika virus (“Zika”) Discovery
Respiratory syncytial virus (“RSV”) Discovery











 
Dr. David Anderson, VBI's Chief Scientific Officer, discusses VBI's eVLP Platform and the company's unique approach to vaccine development.












Technology Platforms

  





eVLP Platform





VBI’s eVLP Platform allows for the design of enveloped (“e”) virus-like particle (“VLP”) vaccines. eVLPs are an innovative new class of synthetic vaccines that are designed to closely mimic the structure of viruses. VBI’s eVLP Platform provides a stable foundation that is suitable for a wide array of prophylactic and therapeutic vaccine candidates.
Learn More










LPV™ Platform





Many vaccines and biologics are highly sensitive to temperature and physical stress which may lead to a loss in potency or reduced safety, limiting protective benefits or therapeutic effects. VBI’s Lipid Particle Vaccines (“LPV”) Platform is a proprietary formulation and process designed to preserve the stability and potency of vaccines and biologics.
Learn More










  
















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 



























About – VBI Vaccines Inc.




 

























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















  





About VBI Vaccines






  



MenuCompany OverviewSci-B-Vac™eVLP PlatformVaccine CandidatesCMV ProgramLPV™ PlatformLeadershipRecent News




  



Company Overview





  





VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. VBI’s first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac™, a hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus; Sci-B-Vacis approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries. VBI’s eVLP Platform technology allows for the development of enveloped (“e”) virus-like particle (“VLP”) vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. VBI is advancing a pipeline of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) and glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM”). VBI is also advancing its LPV™ Thermostability Platform, a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety. VBI is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with research operations in Ottawa, Canada and research and manufacturing facilities in Rehovot, Israel.











 Download Media Kit






  







  



Sci-B-Vac™





  





Sci-B-Vac is a third-generation licensed hepatitis B vaccine currently approved for use in Israel and in 14 other countries. Sci-B-Vac has demonstrated safety and efficacy in over 300,000 patients.
In contrast to some current hepatitis B vaccines, which contain only one surface antigen (the S antigen), Sci-B-Vac contains the S antigen and the pre-S1 and pre-S2 surface antigens. The composition of Sci-B-Vac may provide more opportunities for the immune system to respond with antibodies that can recognize one or more components of the hepatitis B virus (“HBV”).
According to the World Health Organization (“WHO”), globally, 240 million people are chronically infected with hepatitis B and more than 780,000 people die every year due to complications related to the virus, including cirrhosis and liver cancer. Learn more about Sci-B-Vac >>
Sci-B-Vac Highlights




Mimics all three surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus.
Offers high levels of anti-HBV antibodies and rapid onset of protection.
Can be administered at lower doses than other currently available hepatitis B vaccines.
Free of next-generation adjuvants.
Produced in mammalian cells (CHO cells).








  





Sci-B-Vac










Competing Hepatitis B Vaccine










  



Countries that have approved Sci-B-Vac


Central Africa, Chile, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Georgia, Ghana, Hong Kong, Israel, Ivory Coast, Moldova, Niger, Nigeria, Philippines, Senegal, and Vietnam.







  







  



eVLP Platform





  





VBI’s eVLP Platform allows for the design of enveloped (“e”) virus-like particle (“VLP”) vaccines. eVLPs are designed to mimic the organization and conformation of viruses as they occur in nature, but without the viral genome, potentially yielding safer and more potent vaccine candidates.
Because of their structural similarity to viruses found in nature, vaccination with a target protein expressed in an eVLP is capable of imparting greater immunity than vaccination with the same recombinant target protein alone.1 Learn more >>
Platform Highlights




“Third-generation” virus-like particle vaccines closely mimic the structure of target viruses.
Potential preventative and therapeutic vaccine applications.
Lead program is a vaccine to prevent cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) infection with strong preclinical proof of concept.2
Exploring additional undisclosed eVLP candidates for development.
Strong intellectual property estate.










Video IntroductionKey Characteristics









Dr. David Anderson, VBI’s Chief Scientific Officer, discusses VBI’s unique approach to vaccine development.








Unlike first-generation and second-generation VLP approaches, which have yielded successful vaccines but can mean limited rational and flexible design potential, VBI’s eVLP Platform provides a stable foundation that mimics enveloped viruses and is suitable for a wide array of vaccine candidates.3




Platform Advantages






Highly Immunogenic: Immune responses comparable to or better than natural infection by closely mimicking structure of target virus.4
Customizable: Ability to rationally design a vaccine by including different antigens and controlling their relative expression.
Safe: Unlike live-attenuated vaccines, VLPs cannot revert back to an infectious state.
Commercially Viable: Manufactured and purified using scalable methods; demonstrated high yields and purity.5









  







  



Pipeline of eVLP-Derived Vaccine Candidates





  













Discovery







Preclinical







Phase I





  





CMV





Cytomegalovirus
Phase I









Phase I
 85% 





  





GBM





Glioblastoma multiforme
Preclinical









Preclinical
 50% 





  





MB





Medulloblastoma
Preclinical









Preclinical
 45% 





  





ZIKA





Zika virus
Discovery









Discovery
 30% 





  





RSV





Respiratory syncytial virus
Discovery









Discovery
 30% 





  







  



CMV Vaccine Program





  





VBI is developing a prophylactic vaccine to prevent cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) infection. CMV is a leading cause of prenatal developmental delays. VBI has completed GMP manufacturing of its lead candidate for use in Phase I trials. VBI expects to evaluate safety, tolerability, and also immunological proof of concept in humans during Phase I trials by measuring CMV neutralizing antibodies in fibroblasts and epithelial cells. Learn more about VBI’s CMV Vaccine Candidate >>
Achieved and Anticipated Program Milestones




Q2 2015: Initiated Formal Toxicology
Q3 2015: Started GMP Clinical Batch
Q1 2016: Complete Formal Toxicology and File IND
H1 2016: Phase I Start
Mid-Year 2017: Interim Readout










Market Need and Opportunity





CMV is a common virus that infects one in every two people in many developed countries.1 Most CMV infections are “silent,” meaning most people who are infected with CMV exhibit no signs or symptoms. However, CMV can cause serious disease in newborns when a mother is infected during pregnancy – this is known as congenital CMV infection.
Each year, approximately 5,000 U.S. infants will develop permanent problems due to CMV, some of them severe, including deafness, blindness, and mental retardation.2 CMV affects more live births than Down Syndrome or Fetal Alcohol Syndrome,3 making it a key public health priority and a strong candidate for recommended universal vaccination among certain high-risk populations.4






  







  



LPV™ Platform





  





The LPV Platform is a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety. Many vaccines and biologics are highly sensitive to temperature and physical stress, and many must be stored between 4° C and 8° C to preserve their integrity. Without proper storage, exposure to elevated or freezing temperatures can lead to a loss in potency or reduced safety, limiting protective benefits or therapeutic effects.1 Learn more >>
Platform Highlights




Long-lasting stability across a variety of conditions; demonstrated potency in multiple preclinical animal models, including non-human primates.2
Suitable for a variety of vaccines and biologics; has been used to preserve stability and potency of several classes of vaccine antigens, including protein-based, monoclonal antibodies, whole-inactivated, and live-attenuated vaccines and viral vectors.3
Successfully tested in a GMP-compliant production plant at pilot levels; data demonstrates product consistency across batches.4
Novel, fully synthetic lipid combinations with well-established safety profiles; lipids reduce protein aggregation and reduce other process-related (sheer) stresses.5










PartnershipsProof of ConceptStability and Thermostability



With its partners, VBI seeks to develop a next-generation of vaccines and biologics which preserve stability and allow for consistently safe and effective administration in both established and emerging markets. If you are interested in learning more about our LPV Platform, please contact us.
Collaborations of Note


  





VBI has entered into a research collaboration with GSK, a leading global healthcare company, to evaluate the LPV Platform. Learn more >>













  





VBI is working with Sanofi Pasteur to explore reformulating a Sanofi Pasteur vaccine candidate to improve stability. Learn more >>



















VBI has completed proof of concept studies on a number of vaccine and biologic targets that demonstrate the LPV Platform’s ability to preserve potency under stress conditions:




Proof of Concept Studies






Influenza: 12 months at 40° C6
Rabies: 18 months at 40° C7
MMR: 8 weeks at 37° C8
Herceptin®-like: 8 weeks at 40° C9






Vaccines and biologics vary greatly in their ability to remain viable during handling, storage, and administration. The stability of a particular vaccine formulation depends on many factors including the type of antigen (active ingredient) and the presence of other vaccine components such as adjuvants, stabilizers, and preservatives.
One factor that is known to affects characteristics of all vaccines over time is temperature. Without a constant temperature in a very narrow range above freezing, many vaccines lose their potency, become ineffective, or can become hazardous. Currently, more than 90% of all vaccines require shipment in a temperature controlled supply chain or “cold chain”.10
Reliance on a cold chain increases vaccine costs by up to 20%11 and is a significant barrier to patient access in many emerging markets. In addition to maintaining the cold chain, there is a separate challenge of verifying any lapses in the chain to ensure the viability of the vaccine before it is administered, particularly in poor or remote areas.









  



References


eVLP Platform

Kirchmeier et al. (2014). Enveloped Virus-Like Particle Expression of Human Cytomegalovirus Glycoprotein B Antigen Induces Antibodies with Potent and Broad Neutralizing Activity. Clinical and Vaccine Immunology, 174-180.
VBI Studies: 15BC04, 15BC19, 15BC39
VBI studies: 15BC04, 15BC19 (CMV); Garrone, P (2011) Sci Transl Med 3, 94ra71 (HCV); Szecsi, J (2006) Virol J 3, 70 (Flu)
VBI Studies: 15BC04, 15BC19
VBI Studies: 15CH19, 15CH38

CMV Vaccine Program

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3553672/
http://www.cdc.gov/cmv/trends-stats.html
Cannon, M. J., and K. F. Davis. 2005. Washing our hands of the congenital cytomegalovirus disease epidemic. BMC Public Health 5:70
Stratton KR et al, Committee to Study Priorities for Vaccine Development, Inst. of Med.; Washington, DC

LPV Platform

CDC Vaccine Storage and Handling Recommendations and Guildelines (http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/recs/storage/)
VBI Studies: 12BC04, 12MK01, 12FE01, Undisclosed partner feasibility studies
VBI Studies: 12BC04ABCDE, 07CH12, 07CH17, Undisclosed partner feasibility studies
VBI Studies: 12BC04ACDE, Reports REP-IMM-034, REP-FORM-101
VBI Studies: 07CH12, Undisclosed partner feasibility studies
VBI Studies: 12BC04ACDE, Reports REP-IMM-034, REP-FORM-101
VBI Studies: 07CH17
VBI Studies: 07CH12
VBI Studies: Undisclosed partner feasibility study
Biopharma Cold Chain Sourcebook 2010
World Health Organization (“WHO”)








  







  



Leadership



The VBI team brings together complementary backgrounds in vaccine formulation, development, and commercialization. View management bios >>






  



  






Jeff Baxter




President & CEO











David E. Anderson, Ph.D.




Chief Scientific Officer











Francisco Diaz-Mitoma, M.D., Ph.D.




Chief Medical Officer











Egidio Nascimento, CA




Chief Financial Officer












  








Marc J. Kirchmeier, Ph.D.






VP, Formulation Development











Adam Buckley




VP, Business Development











Nell Beattie




Director, Corporate Development and IR











Avi Mazaltov




Global Head of Manufacturing and SciVac General Manager










  







  



Recent Press Releases





  




 





Jul
27
2017 

 4 





											VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine										 

By VBI | Conferences, Cytomegalovirus ("CMV"), eVLP Platform, Press Releases

Well tolerated at all doses with no safety signals 100% seroconversion at highest dose after two of the three planned vaccinations Dose-dependent antibody responses against CMV gB antigen Full data after third dose expected first half of 2018 Conference Call...Read More










Jul
11
2017 

 2 





											VBI Vaccines Announces Phase 3 Clinical Program for Sci-B-Vac™  Hepatitis B Vaccine										 

By VBI | Conferences, Press Releases, Sci-B-Vac™

Replay Webcast VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) (TSX: VBV) (“VBI”) announced today its plans for a global Phase 3 clinical program for Sci-B-Vac™, its third-generation hepatitis B vaccine, following positive discussions with the U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA), the...Read More










Jun
28
2017 

 0 





											VBI Vaccines Announces Results of Annual General and Special Meeting										 

By VBI | Press Releases

VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) (TSX: VBV) (“VBI”) today announced the voting results from its annual general and special meeting (the “Meeting”) held on June 22, 2017. 30,823,557 common shares were represented at the Meeting, totaling 76.94% of VBI issued and...Read More










Jun
26
2017 

 1 





											VBI Vaccines Added to Russell 2000® and Russell 3000® Indexes										 

By VBI | Press Releases

VBI Vaccines, Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) (TSX: VBV) (“VBI”), a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation infectious disease and immuno-oncology vaccines, announced today that it has been added to the Russell 2000® and the Russell 3000® Indexes following the annual reconstitution, which...Read More
















Recent News by Category





 Press Releases
 Cytomegalovirus (“CMV”)
 Glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM”)
 Respiratory syncytial virus (“RSV”)
 Thermostable Platform
 Conferences
 VBI in the News





VBI on Twitter





Tweets by @VBIVaccines







  
















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 































Partnering with VBI – VBI Vaccines Inc.




 























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















  





Partnering with VBI






  



MenuAbout VBIManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsScientific Advisory BoardPartnering with VBICareer Opportunities




  





VBI seeks to maximize the impact of its vaccine formulation and development expertise by partnering with leading academic institutions, government agencies, and pharmaceutical companies. If you’re interested in learning more about our thermostable or eVLP platform technologies, please contact us or complete the form below.






  







  
















Contact Us



VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com






  
















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 

























Investors – VBI Vaccines Inc.




 























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















  





Investor Relations






  



MenuOverviewPress ReleasesEvents / PresentationsCompany InformationStock InformationSEC FilingsCorporate Governance




  



Company Profile



VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. VBI’s first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac™, a hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus; Sci-B-Vacis approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries. VBI’s eVLP Platform technology allows for the development of enveloped (“e”) virus-like particle (“VLP”) vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. VBI is advancing a pipeline of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) and glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM”). VBI is also advancing its LPV™ Thermostability Platform, a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability, potency, and safety. VBI is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with research operations in Ottawa, Canada and research and manufacturing facilities in Rehovot, Israel. Learn more about VBI Vaccines >>








Corporate Presentation



 Download Corporate Presentation






  



Recent Press Releases


 
VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine July 27, 2017VBI Vaccines Announces Phase 3 Clinical Program for Sci-B-Vac™  Hepatitis B Vaccine July 11, 2017VBI Vaccines Announces Results of Annual General and Special Meeting June 28, 2017








Featured Event

  





CMV Vaccine Program Phase 1 Clinical Update
July 27, 2017
 Webcast
 View Announcement




















Contact Us



Corporate Headquarters
VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
Telephone: (617) 830-3031
Email: ir@vbivaccines.com








  



Stock Quote (Nasdaq: VBIV)














  





SUBSCRIBE TO RECEIVE NEWS AND INSIGHTS BY EMAIL















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 





















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




11:22 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































 

VBI VACCINES INC. (TSE:VBV) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  VBI VACCINES INC. (TSE:VBV) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure     SEC Filings  VBI VACCINES INC. (TSE:VBV) Files An 8-K Regulation FD Disclosure  ByME Staff 8-k -July 11, 2017 13  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 VBI VACCINES INC. (TSE:VBV) Files An 8-K Regulation FD DisclosureItem 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
On July 11, 2017, VBI Vaccines Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release. A copy of the press release is furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference in this Item 7.01.
The information disclosed under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be deemed “filed” with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor incorporated by reference into any filing made under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits


Exhibit No.
Description

 

99.1*
Press Release dated July 11, 2017


* Furnished herewith
VBI Vaccines Inc/BC ExhibitEX-99.1 2 ex99-1.htm   Exhibit 99.1   VBI Vaccines Announces Phase 3 Clinical Program for Sci-B-Vac™ Hepatitis B Vaccine   Conference Call and Webcast: Wednesday,…To view the full exhibit click here About VBI VACCINES INC. (TSE:VBV) VBI Vaccines Inc. is a development-stage biotechnology company. The Company’s principal products include cytomegalovirus (CMV) Vaccine Candidate, enveloped Virus Like Particle (eVLP) Vaccine Platform and Lipid Particle Vaccine (LPV) Vaccine Platform. The Company is also engaged in the research and development (R and D) activity. The Company’s subsidiaries includes Variation Biotechnologies (US), Inc. (VBI US) and Variation Biotechnologies Inc. (VBI Cda).
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. (NASDAQ:IDXX) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...    RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Other Events    Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events     Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    Technovative Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TEHG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 IDEXX LABORATORIES, INC. (NASDAQ:IDXX) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017   Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE:NVS) Just Took A Big Step Forward In...  July 13, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37678LSE1947Stocks1360Tech News1248Biotech Stocks1168Stock Market News1117Small Caps710Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 

































MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




11:22 PM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
6:09p‘Game of Thrones’: This computer model predicts who will be killed off — or survive
6:09pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Vaccine Programs – VBI Vaccines Inc.




 























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















  





Vaccine Programs






  







  



Sci-B-Vac™





  





HBV





Hepatitis B
Approved










Sci-B-Vac is a commercial stage hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus and is free of any next-generation adjuvant. Sci-B-Vac offers rapid onset of protection, high levels of anti-HBV antibodies, and can be administered at lower doses than competing HBV vaccines. Sci-B-Vac is approved in Israel and in 14 other countries and has demonstrated a favorable safety and efficacy profile in over 300,000 patients. Learn more about Sci-B-Vac >>






  







  



Vaccine Candidates





  













Discovery







Preclinical







Phase I





  





CMV





Cytomegalovirus
Phase I









Phase I
 85% 





  





GBM





Glioblastoma multiforme
Preclinical









Preclinical
 50% 





  





MB





Medulloblastoma
Preclinical









Preclinical
 45% 





  





ZIKA





Zika virus
Discovery









Discovery
 30% 





  





RSV





Respiratory syncytial virus
Discovery









Discovery
 30% 





  
















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 

























Corporate Governance – VBI Vaccines Inc.




 























































        

























About

About VBI
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Partnering with VBI
Careers


Pipeline

Sci-B-Vac™ (HBV)
CMV Vaccine
GBM Immunotherapy
MB Immunotherapy
Zika Vaccine
RSV Vaccine


Technology

eVLP Platform
LPV™ Platform
Scientific Literature


Newsroom
Investors

Investor Overview
Press Releases
Events / Presentations
Company Information
Stock Information
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance


Contact

Headquarters (U.S.)
Research (Canada)
Manufacturing (Israel)



















  





Corporate Governance






  



MenuOverviewPress ReleasesEvents / PresentationsCompany InformationStock InformationSEC FilingsCorporate Governance




  



Board of Directors



Steven Gillis, Ph.D., Chairman of the Board
Steven Gillis, Ph.D. has been a Managing Director of ARCH Venture Partners since 2006 and joined the firm in 2005. Dr. Gillis is focused on the evaluation of new life science technologies and also on the development and growth of ARCH’s biotechnology portfolio companies. He is a director of bluebirdbio (BLUE) and Shire PLC (SHPG). Dr. Gillis represents ARCH as a director and serves as Chairman of a number of ARCH’s private, biotechnology portfolio companies.
Dr. Gillis was a founder and director of Corixa Corporation and served as CEO from its inception and as its Chairman from 1999 until its acquisition in 2005 by GlaxoSmithKline. Prior to Corixa, Dr. Gillis was a founder and director of Immunex Corp. From 1981 until his departure in 1994, Dr. Gillis served as Immunex’s Director of Research and Development, Chief Scientific Officer, and as CEO of Immunex’s R&D subsidiary. Dr. Gillis was interim CEO of Immunex Corp. following its majority purchase by American Cyanamid Company and remained a member of the board until 1997. Amgen, Inc. acquired Immunex in 2002.
Dr. Gillis is an immunologist by training with over 300 peer-reviewed publications in the areas of molecular and tumor immunology. He is credited as being a pioneer in the field of cytokines and cytokine receptors, directing the development of multiple marketed products including Leukine, (GM-CSF), Prokine (IL-2) and Enbrel (soluble TNF receptor-Fc fusion protein) as well as the regulatory approval of Bexxar (radiolabeled anti-CD20). Dr. Gillis received a B.A. from Williams College and a Ph.D. from Dartmouth College.





Scott Requadt, Director
Scott Requadt, JD, MBA, is currently a Managing Director at Clarus, a life sciences investment firm. Scott has over 15 years of operating and investment experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to joining Clarus in 2005, Scott was Director, Business Development of TransForm Pharmaceuticals (acquired by J&J), and previously practiced for several years as an M&A attorney at the NYC-based law firm of Davis Polk & Wardwell. Before that, Scott was a law clerk for a senior judge at the Supreme Court of Canada. Scott holds a B.Com (Economics & Finance) from McGill University (First Class Honors), an LL.B from University of Toronto, and an MBA from Harvard Business School (Baker Scholar). Mr. Requadt has been involved in multiple Clarus investments spanning both therapeutics and medtech, including Intercept Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: ICPT) as well as several R&D risk-sharing collaborations with large pharma partners. Scott currently serves on the Boards of ESSA Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: EPIX), AvroBio, and Edev. He has previously been active on the Boards of TyRx (acquired by Medtronic), Catabasis (Nasdaq: CATB), Oxford Immunotec (Nasdaq: OXFD), Link Medicine (acquired by AstraZeneca), and Biolex Therapeutics.





Sam Chawla, Director
Mr. Chawla has been a Portfolio Manager of Perceptive Advisors LLC, an investment fund focused on the healthcare sector, since 2013. Prior to joining Perceptive Advisors in 2013, Mr. Chawla was a Managing Director at UBS Investment Bank in the Global Healthcare Group. Mr. Chawla’s investment banking experience centered on strategic advisory including, mergers and acquisitions buy-side and sell-side assignments and financial advisory, including equity and debt capital raises, for both public and private healthcare companies. Prior to joining UBS in September 2010, Mr. Chawla was a Director (from January 2009 to September 2010) and a Vice President (from July 2007 to January 2009) in the Healthcare Investment Banking Group of Credit Suisse, which he originally joined as an investment banker in 2002. Mr. Chawla also worked at Bloomberg L.P. and Pelican Life Sciences. Mr. Chawla received an M.B.A. from Georgetown University and a B.A. in Economics from Johns Hopkins University. In addition, Mr. Chawla is a member of the Board of Directors of Response Genetics (NASDAQ: RGDX).





Michel De Wilde, Ph.D, Director
Dr. De Wilde was Senior Vice President, Research & Development, at Sanofi Pasteur, the human vaccines division of Sanofi from 2001 until June 2013. In this position, he was responsible for managing approximately 1,500 employees and a broad portfolio of approximately 20 development projects.
Prior to joining Sanofi Pasteur in January 2000, Dr. De Wilde was at SmithKline Beecham Biologicals (now GSK Vaccines) in Rixensart, Belgium. Dr. De Wilde joined the group in 1978 as a research scientist upon formation of a unit focusing on the application of recombinant DNA technology to vaccine development. He subsequently held positions of increasing responsibility and, as Vice President, Research & Development at Sanofi Pasteur, headed a team of approximately 400 specialists, active in all aspects of preclinical vaccine development.
Dr. De Wilde received his degree in Chemistry from the Free University of Brussels in 1971, followed by a Ph.D. in Biochemistry in 1976. He carried out postdoctoral work at the University of Wisconsin, Madison (U.S.) and the University of Ghent (Belgium). Dr. De Wilde authored over 50 publications during the early part of his career.





Steven D. Rubin, Director
Mr. Rubin has served the Executive Vice President, Administration of OPKO Health, Inc. (NYSE: OPK) since May 2007 and as a director of the OPKO since February 2007. Mr. Rubin served as the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of IVAX from August 2001 until September 2006. Mr. Rubin currently serves on the board of directors of Tiger Media, Inc. (NYSE MKT:IDI), a multi-platform media company, Kidville, Inc. (OTCBB:KVIL), which operates large, upscale facilities, catering to newborns through five-year-old children and their families and offers a wide range of developmental classes for newborns to five-year-olds, Non-Invasive Monitoring Systems, Inc. (OTCBB:NIMU), a medical device company, Tiger X Medical, Inc. (OTCBB:CDOM), previously an early-stage orthopedic medical device company specializing in designing, developing and marketing reconstructive joint devices and spinal surgical devices, Cocrystal Pharma, Inc. (OTCBB: COCP), formerly Biozone Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company developing new treatments for viral diseases, Sevion Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCBB:SVON), a clinical stage company which discovers and develops next-generation biologics for the treatment of cancer and immunological diseases, Castle Brands, Inc. (NYSE MKT:ROX), a developer and marketer of premium brand spirits, and Neovasc, Inc. (TSXV:NVC), a company developing and marketing medical specialty vascular devices. Mr. Rubin previously served as a director of Dreams, Inc. (NYSE MKT: DRJ), a vertically integrated sports licensing and products company, Safestitch Medical, Inc., prior to its merger with TransEnterix, Inc., and PROLOR Biotech, Inc., prior to its acquisition in August 2013.





Adam Logal, Director
Mr. Logal has served as OPKO Health Inc.’s Sr. Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since April 2014 and as OPKO’s Vice President of Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer since March 2007. From 2002 to 2007, Mr. Logal served in senior management of Nabi Biopharmaceuticals, a publicly traded, biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of proprietary products. Mr. Logal held various positions of increasing responsibility at Nabi Biopharmaceuticals, last serving as Senior Director of Accounting and Reporting.





Jeff Baxter, FCMA, President, CEO, and Director
Mr. Baxter joined VBI in September of 2009 as Chief Executive Officer. Previously, he was a managing partner for the venture capital firm, The Column Group. Until July of 2006, Mr. Baxter was SVP, R&D Finance and Operations, of GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). In his 19 years of pharma experience, he has held line management roles in commercial, manufacturing and IT and the office of the CEO. His most recent position in R&D included responsibility for finance, pipeline resource planning and allocation, business development deal structuring and SROne (GSK’s in-house $125M venture capital fund). He also chaired GSK’s R&D Operating Board. Prior to GSK, he worked at Unilever and British American Tobacco. Mr. Baxter was educated at Thames Valley University and is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (FCMA).








Governance Documents


Board of Directors Mandate
Audit Committee Charter
Nominating and Governance Committee Charter
Compensation Committee Charter
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Majority Voting Policy
Insider Trading Compliance Program
Whistleblower Policy






  





SUBSCRIBE TO RECEIVE NEWS AND INSIGHTS BY EMAIL















About VBI Vaccines VBI Vaccines Inc. (Nasdaq: VBIV) is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a next generation of vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease and immuno-oncology. Learn More >>

 


 Recent News 

VBI Vaccines Announces Positive Interim Data from Phase 1 Study of Preventative CMV Vaccine
July 27, 2017


With eyes on Glaxo’s Engerix-B vaccine, VBI takes hep B candidate into phase 3 [via Fierce Vaccines]
July 18, 2017






Quick LinksCompany Overview
Sci-B-Vac™
CMV Program
GBM Program
Investors
SciVac Ltd.




Contact Us VBI Vaccines Inc.
222 Third Street, Suite 2241
Cambridge, MA 02142
(617) 830-3031
info@vbivaccines.com

 Get News Alerts








© 2017 VBI Vaccines Inc. | Disclaimer and Terms of Use 



        




 































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.













 




	VBI Vaccines Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            VBI Vaccines Inc.
                        

                            (NASDAQ:VBIV; TSX:VBV)formerly known as Variation Biotechnologies Inc.
                        







print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

Cambridge, Mass.


 Region

New England


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Infectious


 Year Founded

2001


 Website

http://www.vbivaccines.com



 Lead Product Status

Market (drug)






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy














 VBI Vaccines Inc/BC (Form: S-3, Received: 05/15/2017 08:53:47) 












	 





	As
	filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2017






	Registration
	No. 333-





	 








	 






	 





	UNITED
	STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION






	Washington,
	D.C. 20549





	 







	Form
	S-3





	 





	REGISTRATION
	STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933





	 





	VBI
	VACCINES INC.





	(Exact
	Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)




	 







	British
	Columbia, Canada





	 





	2836





	 





	N/A








	(State
	or other jurisdiction of




	incorporation
	or organization)





	 





	(Primary
	Standard Industrial




	Classification
	Code Number)





	 





	(I.R.S.
	Employer




	Identification
	No.)








	 





	222
	Third Street, Suite 2241






	Cambridge,
	MA 02142






	(617)
	830-3031





	(Address,
	including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices)




	 





	Jeff
	R. Baxter






	President
	and Chief Executive Officer






	VBI
	Vaccines Inc.






	222
	Third Street, Suite 2241






	Cambridge,
	MA 02142






	(617)
	830-3031





	(Name,
	address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)




	 







	With
	Copies to:





	 








	Kevin
	Friedmann, Esq.






	Mitchell
	Silberberg & Knupp LLP






	11377
	W. Olympic Blvd.






	Los
	Angeles, CA 90064






	(310)
	312-3106






	(310)
	312-3100 — Facsimile








	Thomas
	S. Levato, Esq.






	Goodwin
	Procter LLP






	The
	New York Times Building






	620
	Eighth Avenue






	New
	York, NY 10018






	(212)
	813-8800






	(212)
	355-3333 — Facsimile









	 





	Approximate
	date of commencement of proposed sale to the public:

	From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement,
	as determined by market conditions and other factors.




	 




	If
	the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please
	check the following box. [  ]




	 




	If
	any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
	the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check
	the following box. [X]




	 




	If
	this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please
	check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
	for the same offering. [  ]




	 




	If
	this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
	the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. [  ]




	 




	If
	this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become
	effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. [  ]




	 




	If
	this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register
	additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following
	box. [  ]




	 




	Indicate
	by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
	company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
	“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.




	 








	 




	Large
	accelerated filer [  ]




	 




	Accelerated
	filer [  ]






	 





	Non-accelerated
	filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)





	 





	Smaller
	reporting company [X]




	Emerging
	growth company [X]









	 





	If
	an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
	complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. [  ]





	 









	 







	 








	 




	 









	 


	 


	 








	 










	CALCULATION
	OF REGISTRATION FEE





	 






	Title
	of each class of

	securities to be registered(1)




	 




	Proposed

	maximum

	aggregate

	offering price (2)




	 




	 




	Amount
	of

	registration fee (3)




	 






	Common shares, no par value




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Warrants to purchase
	common shares




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Units




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Subscription rights




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Total




	 




	$




	150,000,000




	 




	 




	$




	17,385




	 







	 




	(1)
	This registration statement covers an indeterminate number of common shares, warrants, and units that may be sold by the registrant
	from time to time, for a maximum aggregate offering price of all securities not to exceed $

	150,000,000

	. Any securities
	registered hereunder may be sold separately or as units with other securities registered hereunder. The securities registered
	also include an indeterminate amount and number of common shares as may be issued upon exercise of warrants or pursuant to any
	anti-dilution provisions of such securities. In addition, pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
	“Securities Act”), the common shares being registered hereunder include an indeterminate number of common shares that
	may be issuable with respect to the shares being registered hereunder as a result of stock splits, stock dividends, or similar
	transactions.




	 




	(2)
	The proposed maximum aggregate offering price has been estimated for the sole purpose of computing the registration fee pursuant
	to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act.




	 




	(3)
	Pursuant to Rule 457(p) under the Securities Act, the registrant is offsetting the registration fee due under this registration
	statement by $15,105.00, which represents the portion of the registration fee previously paid with respect to $150,000,000.00 of
	unsold securities previously registered on the registration statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-212651), initially filed
	on July 22, 2016.








	 





	The
	registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until
	the registrant shall file a further amendment that specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become
	effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act or until this registration statement shall become effective on
	such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine.






	 







	 




	 









	 


	 


	 








	 








	EXPLANATORY
	NOTE





	 




	This
	Registration Statement contains two prospectuses:




	 






	●




	a
	base prospectus which covers the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to $150,000,000 in the aggregate of the securities
	identified above from time to time in one or more offerings; and






	 




	 






	●




	an
	equity distribution agreement prospectus covering the offering, issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering
	price of $30,000,000 of our common shares in an at-the-market offering that may be issued and sold under an equity distribution
	agreement with Canaccord Genuity Inc.






	 




	The
	base prospectus immediately follows this explanatory note. The specific terms of any securities to be offered pursuant to the
	base prospectus will be specified in a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus. The equity distribution agreement prospectus
	immediately follows the base prospectus. The $30,000,000 of common shares that may be offered, issued and sold under the equity
	distribution agreement prospectus is included in the $150,000,000 of securities that may be offered, issued and sold by us under
	the base prospectus. Upon termination of the equity distribution agreement with Canaccord Genuity Inc., any portion of the $30,000,000
	included in the equity distribution agreement prospectus will be available for sale in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus,
	and if no common shares are sold under the equity distribution agreement prospectus, the full $150,000,000 of securities may be
	sold in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus and an accompanying prospectus.




	 







	 




	 









	 


	 


	 








	 






	The
	information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the Securities and Exchange
	Commission declares our registration statement effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not
	soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.






	 







	PROSPECTUS
	(Subject to Completion)






	Dated
	May 15, 2017





	 






	 





	 





	$150,000,000






	Common
	Shares






	Warrants






	Units






	Subscription
	Rights






	 









	 






	 




	By
	this prospectus and an accompanying prospectus supplement, we may from time to time offer and sell, in one or more offerings,
	up to $150,000,000 in any combination of common shares, warrants, units and subscription rights.




	 




	We
	will provide you with more specific terms of these securities in one or more supplements to this prospectus. You should read this
	prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement carefully before you invest.




	 




	We
	may offer these securities from time to time in amounts, at prices and on other terms to be determined at the time of offering.
	We may offer and sell these securities to or through underwriters, dealers or agents, or directly to investors, on a continuous
	or delayed basis. The supplements to this prospectus will provide the specific terms of the plan of distribution. The price to
	the public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus
	supplement.




	 




	Our
	common shares are listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “VBIV.” On May 10, 2017, the closing price
	of our common shares as reported by the NASDAQ Capital Market was $4.12 per share.




	 










	An
	investment in our common shares involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” on page 10 of this prospectus
	for more information on these risks.










	 





	Neither
	the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities, or
	passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.





	 




	The
	date of this prospectus is                         
	, 2017.





	 







	 




	 









	 


	 


	 







	 







	TABLE
	OF CONTENTS





	 






	 





	Page







	 




	 







	ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS





	3







	DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS




	4






	OUR BUSINESS





	5







	RISK FACTORS





	10







	USE OF PROCEEDS





	10







	DILUTION





	10







	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE SECURITIES THAT MAY BE OFFERED





	10







	PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION





	14







	LEGAL MATTERS





	16







	EXPERTS





	17







	WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION





	17







	INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE





	17






	 















	 


	 

	2



	 








	 






	 










	ABOUT
	THIS PROSPECTUS





	 




	This
	prospectus is part of a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) using
	a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf process, we may sell the securities described in this prospectus
	in one or more offerings. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities which may be offered. Each
	time we offer securities for sale, we will provide a prospectus supplement that contains specific information about the terms
	of that offering. Any prospectus supplement may also add or update information contained in this prospectus. You should read both
	this prospectus and any prospectus supplement together with additional information described below under “Where You Can
	Find More Information” and “Information Incorporated by Reference.”




	 




	The
	registration statement that contains this prospectus (including the exhibits thereto) contains additional important information
	about us and the securities we may offer under this prospectus. Specifically, we have filed certain legal documents that establish
	the terms of the securities offered by this prospectus as exhibits to the registration statement. We will file certain other legal
	documents that establish the terms of the securities offered by this prospectus as exhibits to reports we file with the SEC. You
	may obtain copies of that registration statement and the other reports and documents referenced herein as described below under
	the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.”




	 




	You
	should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and in any prospectus supplement.
	We have not authorized any other person to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent
	information, you should not rely on it. We are not making offers to sell or solicitations to buy the securities in any jurisdiction
	in which an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making that offer or solicitation is not qualified
	to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. You should not assume that the information in this
	prospectus or any prospectus supplement, as well as the information we file or previously filed with the SEC that we incorporate
	by reference in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement, is accurate as of any date other than its respective date. Our business,
	financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates.




	 




	In
	this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the terms “VBI,” “we,” “us,”
	“our” and the “Company” refer to VBI Vaccines Inc. and its subsidiaries.




	 







	 


	 

	3



	 








	 





	 









	DISCLOSURE
	REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS





	 




	This
	prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, including the documents that we incorporate by reference, may contain forward-looking
	statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and
	Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).




	 




	Forward-looking
	statements in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement include, without limitation, statements related to our
	plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking
	statements involve risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, the following: (i) our plans, strategies, objectives,
	expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at our discretion; (ii) our plans and results of operations will
	be affected by our ability to manage growth and competition; and (iii) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time
	in our filings with the SEC. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the
	forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products, our ability
	to develop and market new and enhanced products, our ability to obtain financing as and when we need it, competition from existing
	and new products and our ability to effectively react to other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in our SEC
	filings, such as fluctuation of quarterly financial results, reliance on third party manufacturers and suppliers, litigation or
	other proceedings, government regulation and stock price volatility.




	 




	In
	some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ‘‘may,’‘ ‘‘will,’‘
	‘‘should,’‘ ‘‘could,’‘ ‘‘expects,’‘ ‘‘plans,’‘
	‘‘intends,’‘ ‘‘anticipates,’‘ ‘‘believes,’‘ ‘‘estimates,’‘
	‘‘predicts,’‘ ‘‘potential,’‘ or ‘‘continue’‘ or the negative
	of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements
	are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Readers are cautioned not
	to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation
	to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement.




	 







	 


	 

	4



	 







	 






	 








	OUR
	BUSINESS





	 





	This
	is only a summary and may not contain all the information that is important to you. You should carefully read both this prospectus
	and any accompanying prospectus supplement and any other offering materials, together with the additional information described
	under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.”





	 





	About
	VBI Vaccines Inc.





	 




	We
	are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing next generation vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease
	and immuno-oncology. VBI’s first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac™, a hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics
	all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus. Sci-B-Vac™ is approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries.
	Recently, VBI completed a post-marketing Phase IV clinical study in Israel to confirm a new in-house reference standard for regulatory
	and quality control purposes. Sci-B-Vac™ has not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”),
	the European Medicines Agency (the “EMA”) or Health Canada (“HC”). VBI is currently developing a Phase
	III clinical program to obtain FDA, EMA, and HC market approvals for commercial sale of Sci-B-Vac™ in the United States,
	Europe, and Canada, respectively. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, SciVac Ltd., manufactures Sci-B-Vac™ in Rehovot, Israel.




	 




	We
	are also advancing our two platform technologies – our Enveloped Virus-Like Particle (“eVLP”) platform technology
	and our Lipid Particle Vaccine (“LPV”) technology. Our eVLP platform technology enables the development of enveloped
	virus-like particle vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. We are advancing a pipeline
	of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in both infectious disease, with our congenital cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) vaccine,
	and in immuno-oncology, with our therapeutic glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM” or “glioblastoma”) vaccine
	candidate. Our LPV Thermostability technology is a proprietary formulation of lipids and process that allows vaccines and biologics
	to preserve stability, potency, and safety at temperatures outside of the most common cold chain storage requirements of 2

	o

	C
	to 8

	o

	C.



	 



	VBI
	is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with research operations in Ottawa, Canada and manufacturing facilities in Rehovot, Israel.




	 





	Our
	Principal Products





	 




	Our
	principal products include our hepatitis B vaccine, Sci-B-Vac™, our congenital CMV vaccine, our therapeutic GBM vaccine,
	our eVLP Platform, and our LPV platform.




	 






	Sci-B-Vac™






	 




	Sci-B-Vac™
	is a third generation hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine, which is approved for use in Israel and in 14 other countries.
	First-generation hepatitis B vaccines were plasma-derived and were developed in the U.S. and in France in the late 1970s. In the
	mid-1980s, second-generation recombinant DNA-based vaccines were constructed using yeasts transfected with DNA sequences coding
	for the HBV S antigen. These second-generation vaccines are currently used for universal vaccination efforts in many countries
	worldwide. In contrast to these second-generation HBV vaccines, which contain only one surface antigen of HBV, the S antigen,
	Sci-B-Vac™ contains all three surface antigens: the S antigen, the pre-S1, and the pre-S2 antigens. Furthermore, Sci-B-Vac™
	is produced in mammalian CHO cells whereas second-generation vaccines are produced in yeast. The composition of Sci-B-Vac™
	may provide more opportunities for the immune system to respond with antibodies, or neutralizing antibodies, which can recognize
	one or more components of the HBV virus.




	 




	Several
	clinical studies have demonstrated that Sci-B-Vac™ possesses the following benefits relating to the prevention of the HBV
	virus:




	 






	●




	high
	levels of anti-HBV antibodies, sufficient to confer immune memory for long-term protection against hepatitis B;






	 




	 






	●




	rapid
	onset of protection;






	 




	 






	●




	administration
	at lower doses than competing hepatitis B vaccines; and






	 




	 








	 


	●




	free
	of next-generation adjuvants – Sci-B-Vac™ is adjuvanted with alum.






	 







	 


	 

	5



	 







	 





	 




	In
	the last two decades, 22 clinical studies in over 4,500 patients have been completed using the current and/or prior formulations
	of Sci-B-Vac™. Additionally, product distribution data globally estimates that over 300,000 infants and adults have been
	vaccinated with Sci-B-Vac™. In head-to-head comparative studies, all formulations of Sci-B-Vac™ have consistently
	demonstrated higher rates of seroprotection earlier in adult populations compared to currently licensed hepatitis B vaccines.
	The most recent clinical study was a post-marketing Phase IV study conducted in Israel to support the marketing license and to
	confirm a new in-house reference standard for regulatory and quality control purposes. This study was conducted in 88 healthy,
	HBV-seronegative males and females between 20 and 40 years of age – 98.8% of participants were seroprotected at month 3,
	two months after receiving a second dose of Sci-B-Vac™.




	 




	Sci-B-Vac™
	is generally well-tolerated by patients. During the clinical development and studies of Sci-B-Vac™, approximately 1% of
	the patients experienced local reactions at the injection site (as commonly observed with the use of most vaccines). The injection
	site reactions included soreness, pain, tenderness, pruritus, which is itchiness, erythema, which is redness, ecchymosis, which
	is discoloration of the skin resulting from bleeding underneath the skin, swelling, warmth and nodule formation. These reactions
	were generally mild and were resolved within two days after vaccination. Additionally fatigue, weakness, headache, fever, malaise,
	nausea, diarrhea, pharyngitis, which is inflammation of the pharynx, and upper respiratory infection were observed.




	 




	We
	believe the clinical data collected to date from the previous 22 clinical studies is sufficient to support a Phase III clinical
	program which, when completed, would allow us to seek Marketing Authorization Approval (“MAA”) by the FDA, EMA, and
	HC. We are in the process of finalizing the protocols, negotiating clinical trial agreements and finalizing clinical sites for
	the proposed Phase III clinical program.




	 




	On
	February 7, 2017, we announced that we received positive scientific advice from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human
	Use (“CHMP”) of the EMA regarding our development path for Sci-B-Vac™ in Europe. In its letter, the CHMP expressed
	its support of our proposed plan to proceed to the Phase III clinical studies of Sci-B-Vac™. The CHMP also agreed that the
	product information, as well as data from ongoing studies, supports the Phase III clinical studies and our planned filing of an
	MAA for Sci-B-Vac™.




	 




	On
	February 22, 2017, we announced that the Biologics and Genetic Therapies Directorate (“BGTD”) of HC expressed its
	general support and acceptance of our development path for Sci-B-Vac™, in a pre-Clinical Trial Application (“CTA”)
	meeting. A complete CTA must be filed with and approved by BGTD, and all conditions of BGTD must be met, prior to the initiation
	of a clinical program in Canada. Given the extensive manufacturing data, licensed clinical efficacy and safety experience of Sci-B-Vac™,
	BGTD agreed in principle with our overall development strategy. In addition, BGTD agreed that the proposed Phase III program would
	satisfy the regulatory requirements for marketing authorization in Canada, supporting the indication for active immunization
	against hepatitis B in adults.




	 




	We
	had similar discussions with the FDA in a pre-IND meeting held on April 10, 2017.




	 




	Sci-B-Vac™
	is currently manufactured by our wholly-owned subsidiary, SciVac Ltd., in its manufacturing facility in Rehovot, Israel.




	 






	Congenital
	CMV Vaccine Candidate






	 




	Our
	lead program using our eVLP technology targets congenital CMV, which is a leading cause of birth defects. While CMV is a common
	virus that infects one in every two people in many developed countries, most CMV infections are asymptomatic. However, CMV can
	cause serious disease in newborns if the mother is infected during pregnancy – this is called congenital CMV infection.
	Each year approximately 5,000 U.S. infants will develop permanent problems due to CMV infection, including deafness, blindness,
	and intellectual disability. CMV affects more live births than any other cause of birth defects, including Down Syndrome or Fetal
	Alcohol Syndrome, making it a key public health priority and a strong candidate for recommended universal vaccination.




	 







	 


	 

	6



	 







	 





	 




	Our
	vaccine candidate expresses the CMV gB antigen on the surface of the eVLP. Preclinical data demonstrated that the structure of
	the eVLP platform generated stronger neutralizing antibodies than immunization with the same gB target protein alone. Our CMV
	vaccine is also adjuvanted with alum, a safe, FDA-approved adjuvant. Our CMV vaccine has shown promise in early preclinical
	animal models, including in rabbits and in mice, with the ability to generate anti-CMV antibodies and CMV neutralizing responses
	in both fibroblasts and epithelial cells – two clinically-relevant cell types that are susceptible to CMV infection.




	 





	With the acquisition of
	VBI DE in 2016, a significant R&D priority has been the CMV vaccine candidate’s GMP manufacturing and its clinical development.
	Our CMV vaccine candidate was designed internally, and its manufacturing and purification processes were designed by the NRC in
	collaboration with our staff. Such processes and internal knowledge were transferred to our selected GMP manufacturer, Paragon,
	Bioservices (“Paragon”) and required significant project management expertise and confirmatory R&D studies
	throughout 2014. In 2015, we engaged a contract research organization, ITR Laboratories Canada Inc., and completed GLP toxicology
	studies to confirm the safety of the CMV vaccine candidate in animals. We initiated a Phase I clinical study in June 2016 to assess
	the safety and tolerability of our CMV vaccine candidate in healthy, CMV-negative adults. The study will also assess the vaccine
	immunogenicity by measuring levels of vaccine-induced CMV neutralizing antibodies. We completed enrollment and initial dosing
	of 128 participants in September 2016. As of May 2017, all participants had received the third and final immunization in the series.
	Interim Phase I clinical study results are anticipated mid-year 2017.



	 






	Therapeutic
	GBM Vaccines






	 




	We
	have also applied our eVLP platform in the development of a therapeutic GBM vaccine candidate. GBM is among the most common and
	aggressive malignant primary brain tumors in humans. In the U.S. alone, 12,000 new cases are diagnosed each year. The current
	standard of care for GBM is surgical resection, followed by radiation and chemotherapy. Even with aggressive treatment, however,
	GBM progresses rapidly and is exceptionally lethal, with median patient survival of less than 16 months.




	 




	Developing
	a broadly applicable GBM immunotherapy requires the identification of antigens, used to direct the immune response, which are
	consistently expressed on tumor cells. A growing body of research has demonstrated that GBM tumors are susceptible to infection
	by CMV, with over 90% of GBM tumors expressing CMV antigens. Targeting CMV antigens, therefore, may represent an attractive strategy
	for GBM immunotherapy.




	 




	We
	intend to create a GBM immunotherapy that will stimulate the patient’s own immune system to identify and kill GBM cancer
	cells, with the goal of creating a commercially-viable therapy that is more effective and tolerable than current treatments. Leveraging
	the flexibility and potency of our eVLP platform technology, we are developing a polyvalent therapeutic vaccine candidate designed
	to direct an immune response against gB and pp65, two CMV antigens that are highly immunogenic targets during natural CMV infection.
	Our vaccine candidate also includes granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (“GM-CSF”), an adjuvant that
	mobilized dendritic function and enhances Th1-type immunity.




	 





	Ex
	vivo

	studies demonstrate the vaccine candidate’s ability to induce desired anti-tumor immunity in peripheral blood mononuclear
	cells (“PBMCs”) harvested from healthy subjects and patients with GBM. GBM patient samples were provided by Columbia
	University’s Brain Tumor Center. Our vaccine candidate also stimulated both CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses, characterized
	by secretion of IFN-g and CCL3, key biomarkers associated with positive clinical outcomes.




	 




	VBI
	expects to file an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application with the FDA mid-year 2017 to initiate a Phase I/IIa
	clinical study in patients with GBM.






	 








	eVLP
	Vaccine Platform






	 





	On August 11, 2011, VBI
	Cda acquired the eVLP vaccine technology through the acquisition of ePixis SA. eVLPs are an innovative new class of synthetic
	vaccines that are designed to closely mimic the structure of viruses. Because of their structural similarity to viruses found
	in nature, vaccination with a target protein expressed in an eVLP is capable of imparting greater immunity than vaccination with
	the same recombinant target protein alone. eVLPs are also highly customizable, which allows VBI to rationally design preventative
	and therapeutic vaccine candidates by controlling the expression of both surface and internal target proteins of interest.



	 







	 


	 

	7



	 







	 





	 




	eVLPs
	are produced after transient transfection of cells with plasmids encoding the murine leukemia virus (“MLV”) Gag and
	target surface or internal proteins of interest. The MLV Gag expression induces “budding” of particles from the membrane
	of transfected cells – the target protein of interest is incorporated into the outer envelope during the budding process.
	eVLPs are purified using a process designed to yield material with acceptable residual host cell impurities. Batch consistency
	has also been demonstrated using

	in vivo

	potency release assays.




	 




	In
	addition to the $450,000 initial payment for the technology and $75,000 in related transaction costs, we paid approximately $211,000
	and $110,000 in milestone payments under the e-Pixis Licensing Agreement in the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.




	 




	We
	expect to continue to explore potential therapeutic and scientific targets where our eVLP platform technology can be used effectively
	to generate new vaccine programs.




	 






	LPV
	Platform






	 




	The
	LPV thermostability platform is a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability,
	potency, and safety. Many vaccines and biologics are highly sensitive to temperatues and physical stress. As a consequence, 90%
	of vaccines are transported and stored in a “cold chain” of temperature-controlled environments between 2

	o

	C
	to 8

	o

	C. Without proper storage, exposure to elevated or freezing temperatures can lead to a loss in potency or reduced
	safety, limiting protective benefits or therapeutic effects. Additionally, reliance on a cold chain increases vaccine costs by
	up to 20% and is a significant barrier to patient access in many emerging markets.




	 




	Our
	Lipid Particle Vaccine technology, or “LPV” technology, is a vaccine formulation technology that enables the thermostabilization
	of vaccines through a proprietary formulation and freeze-drying process. The technology is constituted by three lipids, monopalmitoylglycerol
	(“MPG”), dicetyl phosphate (“DCP”) and cholesterol mixed in a proprietary ratio with vaccine antigen using
	a patented method. The resulting mixture is then lyophilized (freeze dried) and can be stored for extended periods of time outside
	of the cold-chain.




	 




	We
	have active collaborations with both Sanofi Pasteur and GlaxoSmithKline, two of the leading vaccine producers in the world. VBI
	is working with Sanofi to explore reformulation a Sanofi vaccine candidate to improve stability. Under the terms of the Sanofi
	Agreement, Sanofi can also acquire certain rights to extend its use of the LPV technology to additional vaccine assets. In February
	2016, we entered into the research collaboration with GSK, which provides GSK with the rights to negotiate an exclusive license
	to the LPV technology for use within a defined field.




	 




	In
	the normal course of our business, we assess and consider potential acquisition, or collaboration opportunities to gain access
	to, technologies or assets that are adjacent to our core competencies of immunology and formulation development. We are currently
	exploring this LPV technology further through partnerships with other third-party collaborators.




	 





	Our
	Research and Development Efforts





	 




	We
	invest heavily in R&D. R&D expenses, which includes clinical development and regulatory related costs, were $10 million
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 and $14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. All R&D was funded by equity,
	term loan or convertible note financings or government grants and refundable R&D tax credits. Our most significant R&D
	expense has been, and is expected to continue to be, related mainly to our development of a CMV vaccine candidate and the related
	eVLP platform. Such R&D expenses are expected to increase significantly as the vaccine moves into the clinical development
	stage and we explore other vaccine opportunities and/or collaborations.




	 









	 


	 

	8



	 







	 





	 




	With
	the acquisition of VBI DE in 2016, a significant R&D priority has been the CMV vaccine candidate’s GMP manufacturing
	and its clinical development. Our CMV vaccine candidate was designed internally, and its manufacturing and purification processes
	were designed by the NRC in collaboration with our staff. Such processes and internal knowledge were transferred to our selected
	GMP manufacturer, Paragon, and required significant project management expertise and confirmatory R&D studies throughout 2014.
	In 2015, we engaged a contract research organization, ITR Laboratories Canada Inc., and completed GLP toxicology studies to confirm
	the safety of the CMV vaccine candidate in animals. We initiated a Phase I clinical study in June 2016 to assess the safety and
	tolerability of our CMV vaccine candidate in healthy, CMV-negative adults. The study will also assess the vaccine immunogenicity
	by measuring levels of vaccine-induced CMV neutralizing antibodies. We completed enrollment and initial dosing of 128 participants
	in September 2016. As of May 2017, all participants had received the third and final immunization in the series. Interim Phase
	I clinical study results are anticipated mid-year 2017.




	 




	As
	previously described, we expect to make additional R&D investments in our other eVLP vaccine candidates, and in our LPV platform,
	which we expect will be driven by partner-led collaborations, if any.




	 





	Corporate
	Information





	 







	Our
	headquarters are located at 222 Third Street, Suite 2241, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02142. Our primary research facility is located
	in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and our Sci-B-Vac™ manufacturing facilities are located in Rehovot, Israel and managed by SciVac
	Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary. Our telephone number at our headquarters is (617) 830-3031. Our registered office is located
	at 1200 Waterfront Centre, 200 Burrard St, P.O. Box 48600, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7X 1T2.


	Additional information about us is available on our website at www.vbivaccines.com. The information contained
	on or that may be obtained from our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this prospectus. Our common shares,
	no par value, are currently traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “VBIV”
	and “VBV,” respectively.







	 




	For
	a description of our business, financial condition, results of operations and other important information regarding us, we refer
	you to our filings with the SEC incorporated by reference in this prospectus. For instructions on how to find copies of these
	documents, see “

	Where You Can Find More Information

	.”




	 







	 


	 

	9



	 








	 





	 









	RISK
	FACTORS





	 





	Investing
	in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Please see the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report
	on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other documents that we subsequently file with the SEC that are incorporated
	by reference in this prospectus. Additional risk factors may be included in a prospectus supplement relating to a particular offering
	of securities. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we
	include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we
	face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business
	operations. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition and cause the value
	of our securities to decline.






	 









	USE
	OF PROCEEDS





	 




	Unless
	we state otherwise in an accompanying prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities
	offered by us under this prospectus and any related prospectus supplement for general corporate purposes. These purposes may include
	capital expenditures and additions to working capital. When a particular series of securities is offered, the prospectus supplement
	relating to that series will set forth our intended use for the net proceeds we receive from the sale of the securities. Pending
	the application of the net proceeds, we may invest the proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing instruments or other investment-grade
	securities.





	 









	DILUTION





	 




	We
	will set forth in a prospectus supplement the following information regarding any material dilution of the equity interests of
	investors purchasing securities sold by VBI in an offering under this prospectus:




	 






	 




	●




	the
	net tangible book value per share of our equity securities before and after the offering;






	 




	 




	 






	  




	●




	the
	amount of the increase in such net tangible book value per share attributable to the cash payments made by purchasers in the
	offering; and






	 




	 




	 






	  




	●




	the
	amount of the immediate dilution from the public offering price which will be absorbed by such purchasers.






	 







	DESCRIPTION
	OF THE SECURITIES THAT MAY BE OFFERED





	 




	The
	following summary of the rights of our common shares is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference
	to our articles of incorporation, a copy of which are filed as exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-3, of which this
	prospectus forms a part. See “Where You Can Find More Information.”





	 







	Description
	of Common Shares





	 




	We
	are authorized to issue an unlimited number of common shares with no par value.




	 



	As of May 15, 2017,
	we had 40,060,622 common shares outstanding. Our authorized but unissued common shares are available for issuance without further
	action by our shareholders, unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation
	system on which our securities may be listed or traded.



	 





	As of May 15, 2017,
	there are 3,120,525 outstanding equity grants and awards which include: 2,465,026 common shares issuable upon the exercise of
	outstanding options having a weighted average exercise price of $4.36 per share; and 655,499 common shares issuable upon the vesting
	of stock awards having a weighted average fair value at grant date of $3.93 per share.



	 




	Holders
	of our common shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available
	for such purpose. The common shares are neither redeemable or convertible. Holders of common shares have no preemptive or subscription
	rights to purchase any of our securities.




	 




	Each
	holder of our common shares is entitled to one vote for each such share outstanding in the holder’s name. No holder of common
	shares is entitled to cumulate votes in voting for directors.




	 




	In
	the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common shares are entitled to receive pro rata our
	assets which are legally available for distribution, after payments of all debts and other liabilities. All of the outstanding
	common shares are fully paid and non-assessable. The common shares offered by this prospectus will also be fully paid and non-assessable.




	 







	 


	 

	10



	 







	 





	 




	On
	May 10, 2017, the last sale price of our common shares on the NASDAQ Capital Market was $4.12 per share. The transfer agent and
	registrar for our common shares is Computershare. Its address is 510 Burrard Street, 2nd Floor, Vancouver, British Columbia V6C
	3B9, and its telephone number is (604) 661-9442.





	 






	Registration
	Rights






	 





	Pursuant
	to the warrant issued to Perceptive Credit Holdings, LP (the “Lender”) in accordance with that certain Amended and
	Restated Credit Agreement and Guaranty, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with its terms, at any time after the
	one hundred eightieth day following the original issue date of the warrant, which was December 6, 2016, the Lender, or its assignees,
	may request that we register all or any portion of the common shares underlying the warrant for sale on a registration statement
	under the Securities Act.




	 




	In
	addition, if at any time we propose to register any of our common shares under the Securities Act for public sale either for our
	own account or for the account of other shareholders, the holder of the warrant is entitled to notice of the registration and
	may request that we include all or a portion of the common shares in the registration. These piggyback registration rights are
	subject to specified conditions and limitations, including the right of the underwriters to limit the number of shares included
	in any such registration under specified circumstances. The Lender has waived these rights as they may apply to the filing of
	the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part.




	 



	As of May 15, 2017,
	there are 2,068,824 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants having a weighted average exercise price
	of $3.63 per share.




	 







	Description
	of Warrants





	 





	Warrants
	to Purchase Common Shares





	 




	We
	may issue warrants for the purchase of our common shares, which we refer to in this prospectus as “equity warrants”.
	As explained below, each equity warrant would entitle its holder to purchase our equity securities at an exercise price set forth
	in, or to be determined as set forth in, the related prospectus supplement. Equity warrants may be issued separately or together
	with other securities. Any equity warrants would be issued under equity warrant agreements.




	 




	The
	particular terms of each issue of equity warrants and the equity warrant agreement relating to the equity warrants will be described
	in the applicable prospectus supplement, including, as applicable:




	 






	●




	the
	title of the equity warrants;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	initial offering price;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	aggregate number of equity warrants and the aggregate number of shares of the equity security purchasable upon exercise of
	the equity warrants;






	 




	 






	●




	if
	applicable, the designation and terms of the equity securities with which the equity warrants are issued, and the number of
	equity warrants issued with each equity security;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	date on which the right to exercise the equity warrants will commence and the date on which the right will expire;






	 




	 






	●




	if
	applicable, the minimum or maximum number of the equity warrants that may be exercised at any one time;






	 




	 






	●




	anti-dilution
	provisions of the equity warrants, if any;






	 




	 






	●




	redemption
	or call provisions, if any, applicable to the equity warrants;






	 




	 






	●




	any
	additional terms of the equity warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise
	of the equity warrants; and






	 




	 






	●




	the
	exercise price.






	 







	 


	 

	11



	 







	 





	 




	Holders
	of equity warrants will not be entitled, solely by virtue of being holders, to vote, to consent, to receive dividends, to receive
	notice as shareholders with respect to any meeting of shareholders for the election of directors or any other matter, or to exercise
	any rights whatsoever as a holder of the equity securities purchasable upon exercise of the equity warrants.





	 







	Description
	of Units





	 




	We
	may, from time to time, issue units comprised of one or more of the other securities described in this prospectus in any combination.
	A prospectus supplement will describe the specific terms of the units offered under that prospectus supplement, and any special
	considerations applicable to investing in those units. You must look at the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable
	unit agreement for a full understanding of the specific terms of any units. We will incorporate by reference into the registration
	statement of which this prospectus is a part the form of unit agreement, including a form of unit certificate, if any, that describes
	the terms of the series of units we are offering before the issuance of the related series of units. While the terms we have summarized
	below will generally apply to any future units that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms
	of any series of units that we may offer in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement and incorporated documents. The
	terms of any units offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below.




	 





	General





	 




	We
	may issue units consisting of common shares, warrants or any combination thereof. Each unit will be issued so that the holder
	of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations
	of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that the securities included
	in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time, or at any time before a specified date.




	 




	We
	will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement and any incorporated documents the terms of the series of units, including
	the following:




	 






	●




	the
	designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances
	those securities may be held or transferred separately;






	 




	 






	●




	any
	unit agreement under which the units will be issued; and






	 




	 






	●




	any
	provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer, or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units.






	 




	The
	provisions described in this section, as well as those described under “Description of Common Shares,” and “Description
	of Warrants” will apply to each unit and to any common shares or warrants included in each unit, respectively.




	 





	Issuance
	in Series





	 




	We
	may issue units in such amounts and in such numerous distinct series as we determine.




	 





	Enforceability
	of Rights by Holders of Units





	 




	We
	may issue units directly or under a unit agreement to be entered into between us and a unit agent. We will name any unit agent
	in the applicable prospectus supplement. Any unit agent will act solely as our agent under the applicable unit agreement and will
	not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust with any holder of any unit. A single bank or trust company may act
	as unit agent for more than one series of units. A unit agent will have no duty or responsibility in case of any default by us
	under the applicable unit agreement or unit, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise,
	or to make any demand upon us. Any holder of a unit, without the consent of the related unit agent or the holder of any other
	unit, may enforce by appropriate legal action its rights as holder under any security included in the unit.




	 







	 


	 

	12



	 







	 







	 





	Title





	 




	We,
	the unit agent, and any of their agents may treat the registered holder of any unit certificate as an absolute owner of the units
	evidenced by that certificate for any purposes and as the person entitled to exercise the rights attaching to the units so requested,
	despite any notice to the contrary.




	 





	Description
	of Subscription Rights





	 




	We
	may issue subscription rights to purchase common shares or other securities. These subscription rights may be issued independently
	or together with any other security offered hereby and may or may not be transferable by the shareholder receiving the subscription
	rights in such offering. In connection with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement with
	one or more underwriters or other purchasers pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to purchase
	any securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering.




	 




	The
	applicable prospectus supplement will describe the specific terms of any offering of subscription rights for which this prospectus
	is being delivered, including the following:




	 






	●




	the
	price, if any, for the subscription rights;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	exercise price payable for each common share or other securities upon the exercise of the subscription rights;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	number of subscription rights issued to each shareholder;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	number and terms of the common shares or other securities which may be purchased per each subscription right;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	extent to which the subscription rights are transferable;






	 




	 






	●




	any
	other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise
	of the subscription rights;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights shall commence, and the date on which the subscription rights
	shall expire;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	extent to which the subscription rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities;
	and






	 




	 






	●




	if
	applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by us in connection with the
	offering of subscription rights.






	 




	The
	description in the applicable prospectus supplement of any subscription rights we offer will not necessarily be complete and will
	be qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable subscription rights certificate, which will be filed with the SEC
	if we offer subscription rights. For more information on how you can obtain copies of any subscription rights certificate if we
	offer subscription rights, see “Where You Can Find More Information”. We urge you to read the applicable subscription
	rights certificate and any applicable prospectus supplement in their entirety.




	 







	 


	 

	13



	 








	 






	 










	PLAN
	OF DISTRIBUTION





	 




	We
	may offer and sell the securities in any one or more of the following ways:




	 






	●




	to
	or through underwriters, brokers or dealers;






	 




	 






	●




	directly
	to one or more other purchasers;






	 




	 






	●




	through
	a block trade in which the broker or dealer engaged to handle the block trade will attempt to sell the securities as agent,
	but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;






	 




	 






	●




	through
	agents on a best-efforts basis;






	 




	 






	●




	in
	“at the market” offerings, as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at negotiated prices, at prices prevailing
	at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, including sales made directly on the NASDAQ Capital
	Market or sales made through a market maker other than on an exchange or other similar offerings through sales agents; or






	 




	 






	●




	otherwise
	through any other method permitted by applicable law or a combination of any of the above methods of sale.






	 




	In
	addition, we may enter into option, share lending or other types of transactions that require us to deliver common shares to an
	underwriter, broker or dealer, who will then resell or transfer the common shares under this prospectus. We may also enter into
	hedging transactions with respect to our securities. For example, we may:




	 






	●




	enter
	into transactions involving short sales of the common shares by underwriters, brokers or dealers;






	 




	 






	●




	sell
	common shares short and deliver the shares to close out short positions;






	 




	 






	●




	enter
	into option or other types of transactions that require the delivery of common shares to an underwriter, broker or dealer,
	who will then resell or transfer the common shares under this prospectus; or






	 




	 






	●




	loan
	or pledge the common shares to an underwriter, broker or dealer, who may sell the loaned shares or, in the event of default,
	sell the pledged shares.






	 




	We
	may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties
	in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement indicates, in connection with those derivatives,
	the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short
	sale transactions. If so, the third party may use securities pledged by or borrowed from us or others to settle those sales or
	to close out any related open borrowings of stock, and may use securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives
	to close out any related open borrowings of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and, if not
	identified in this prospectus, will be identified in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment). In
	addition, we may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a financial institution or other third party that in turn may sell the
	securities short using this prospectus. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position
	to investors in our securities or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities.




	 




	Each
	time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will name any underwriter, dealer or agent involved in the
	offer and sale of the securities. Any prospectus supplement will also set forth the terms of the offering, including:




	 






	●




	the
	purchase price of the securities and the proceeds we will receive from the sale of the securities;






	 




	 






	●




	any
	underwriting discounts and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation;






	 




	 






	●




	any
	public offering or purchase price and any discounts or commissions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers;






	 




	 






	●




	any
	commissions allowed or paid to agents;






	 




	 






	●




	any
	other offering expenses;






	 







	 


	 

	14



	 







	 





	 






	●




	any
	securities exchanges on which the securities may be listed;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	method of distribution of the securities;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	terms of any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into with the underwriters, brokers or dealers; and






	 




	 






	●




	any
	other information we think is important.






	 




	If
	underwriters or dealers are used in the sale, the securities will be acquired by the underwriters or dealers for their own account.
	The securities may be sold from time to time by us in one or more transactions:




	 






	●




	at
	a fixed price or prices, which may be changed;






	 




	 






	●




	at
	market prices prevailing at the time of sale;






	 




	 






	●




	at
	prices related to such prevailing market prices;






	 




	 






	●




	at
	varying prices determined at the time of sale; or






	 




	 






	●




	at
	negotiated prices.






	 




	 






	 




	Such
	sales may be effected:






	 




	 






	●




	in
	transactions on any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the securities may be listed or quoted at the
	time of sale;






	 




	 






	●




	in
	transactions in the over-the-counter market;






	 




	 






	●




	in
	block transactions in which the broker or dealer so engaged will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position
	and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction, or in crosses, in which the same broker acts
	as an agent on both sides of the trade;






	 




	 






	●




	through
	the writing of options; or






	 




	 






	●




	through
	other types of transactions.






	 




	The
	securities may be offered to the public either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters
	or directly by one or more of such firms. Unless otherwise set forth in the prospectus supplement, the obligations of underwriters
	or dealers to purchase the securities offered will be subject to certain conditions precedent and the underwriters or dealers
	will be obligated to purchase all the offered securities if any are purchased. Any public offering price and any discount or concession
	allowed or reallowed or paid by underwriters or dealers to other dealers may be changed from time to time.




	 




	The
	securities may be sold directly by us or through agents designated by us from time to time. Any agent involved in the offer or
	sale of the securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered will be named, and any commissions payable to such agent
	will be set forth in, the prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, any such agent will
	be acting on a best efforts basis for the period of its appointment.




	 




	Offers
	to purchase the securities offered by this prospectus may be solicited, and sales of the securities may be made by us directly
	to institutional investors or others, who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act with respect
	to any resale of the securities. The terms of any offer made in this manner will be included in the prospectus supplement relating
	to the offer.




	 




	Some
	of the underwriters, dealers or agents used by us in any offering of securities under this prospectus may be customers of, engage
	in transactions with, and perform services for us or affiliates of ours in the ordinary course of business. Underwriters, dealers,
	agents and other persons may be entitled to indemnification against and contribution toward certain civil liabilities, including
	liabilities under the Securities Act, and to be reimbursed for certain expenses.




	 







	 


	 

	15



	 







	 







	 




	Subject
	to any restrictions relating to debt securities in bearer form, any securities initially sold outside the United States may be
	resold in the United States through underwriters, dealers or otherwise.




	 




	Any
	underwriters to which offered securities are sold by us for public offering and sale may engage in transactions that stabilize,
	maintain or otherwise affect the price of the common shares during and after this offering, but those underwriters will not be
	obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time. Specifically, the underwriters may over-allot or otherwise
	create a short position in the common shares for their own accounts by selling more common shares than have been sold to them
	by us. The underwriters may elect to cover any such short position by purchasing common shares in the open market or by exercising
	the over-allotment option granted to the underwriters. In addition, the underwriters may stabilize or maintain the price of the
	common shares by bidding for or purchasing common shares in the open market and may impose penalty bids. If penalty bids are imposed,
	selling concessions allowed to syndicate members or other broker-dealers participating in the offering are reclaimed if common
	shares previously distributed in the offering are repurchased, whether in connection with stabilization transactions or otherwise.
	The effect of these transactions may be to stabilize or maintain the market price of the common shares at a level above that which
	might otherwise prevail in the open market. The imposition of a penalty bid may also affect the price of the common shares to
	the extent that it discourages resales of the common shares. The magnitude or effect of any stabilization or other transactions
	is uncertain. These transactions may be effected on the NASDAQ Capital Market or otherwise and, if commenced, may be discontinued
	at any time.




	 




	In
	connection with this offering, the underwriters and selling group members may also engage in passive market making transactions
	in our common shares. Passive market making consists of displaying bids on the NASDAQ Capital Market limited by the prices of
	independent market makers and effecting purchases limited by those prices in response to order flow. Rule 103 of Regulation M
	promulgated by the SEC limits the amount of net purchases that each passive market maker may make and the displayed size of each
	bid. Passive market making may stabilize the market price of the common shares at a level above that which might otherwise prevail
	in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time.




	 




	We
	are subject to the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, including Regulation
	M. This regulation may limit the timing of purchases and sales of any of the common shares offered in this prospectus by any person.
	The anti-manipulation rules under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to our activities.




	 




	The
	anticipated date of delivery of the securities offered by this prospectus will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement
	relating to the offering.




	 




	Any
	broker-dealer participating in the distribution of the common shares may be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the
	meaning of the Securities Act with respect to any securities such entity sells pursuant to this prospectus.




	 




	To
	comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the securities may be sold in these jurisdictions only through
	registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the securities may not be sold unless they have been registered
	or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with.





	 









	LEGAL
	MATTERS





	 




	The
	validity of the issuance of the securities offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Borden Ladner Gervais LLP.




	 









	 


	 

	16



	 








	 





	 









	EXPERTS







	 




	The
	consolidated balance sheets of VBI Vaccines Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements
	of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, have been audited by EisnerAmper LLP, independent
	registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is incorporated herein by reference, which report includes
	an explanatory paragraph about the existence of substantial doubt concerning the Company’s ability to continue as a going
	concern. Such financial statements have been incorporated by reference in reliance on the report of such firm given upon their
	authority as experts in accounting and auditing.




	 




	Smythe
	LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
	31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as set forth in their report, which
	is incorporated by reference in the prospectus and elsewhere in this registration statement. Our consolidated financial statements
	are incorporated by reference in reliance on Smythe LLP’s report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and
	auditing.




	 



	Peterson Sullivan LLP,
	independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc.,
	our wholly-owned subsidiary, as set forth in its report thereon which is included in our prospectus filed on April 8, 2016 pursuant
	to Rule 424(b)(3) (SEC File No. 333-208761) and incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
	statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in
	reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.





	 








	WHERE
	YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION





	 




	We
	have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, with respect to the securities covered
	by this prospectus. This prospectus, which is a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set
	forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules filed therewith. For further information with respect to us
	and the securities covered by this prospectus, please see the registration statement and the exhibits filed with the registration
	statement. A copy of the registration statement and the exhibits filed with the registration statement may be inspected without
	charge at the Public Reference Room maintained by the SEC, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call
	the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information about the operation of the Public Reference Room. The SEC also maintains an Internet
	website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically
	with the SEC. The address of the website is http://www.sec.gov.




	 




	We
	are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, we file periodic
	reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are
	available for inspection and copying at the Public Reference Room and website of the SEC referred to above. We maintain a website
	at http://www.vbivaccines.com. You may access our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
	on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act with the SEC free of
	charge at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the
	SEC. Our website and the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not incorporated into and are not
	a part of this prospectus.




	 







	INFORMATION
	INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE





	 




	The
	SEC and applicable law permits us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus information that we have or may
	in the future file with or furnish to the SEC. This means that we can disclose important information by referring you to those
	documents. You should read carefully the information incorporated herein by reference because it is an important part of this
	prospectus. We hereby incorporate by reference the following documents into this prospectus:




	 






	●




	our
	Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017;






	 




	 






	●




	our
	Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC
	on May 15, 2017;






	 




	 






	●




	our
	Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC on May 15, 2017;






	 




	 






	●




	our
	Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2017 (other than the portions of the filing that were furnished
	rather than filed) and April 20, 2017;






	 




	 






	●




	the
	description of our common shares which is included in the Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016; and






	 




	 






	●




	the
	consolidated financial statements of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 included
	in our prospectus filed on April 8, 2016 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (SEC File No. 333-208761).






	 




	Additionally,
	all documents filed by us with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than any portions of
	filings that are furnished rather than filed pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8-K), after the date
	of this prospectus and before the termination or completion of this offering (including all such documents filed with the SEC
	after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement) shall be deemed
	to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus from the respective dates of filing of such documents. Any information that
	we subsequently file with the SEC that is incorporated by reference as described above will automatically update and supersede
	any previous information that is part of this prospectus.




	 




	Upon
	written or oral request, we will provide you without charge, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference,
	other than exhibits to those documents unless the exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference in the documents. Please
	send requests to VBI Vaccines Inc., 222 Third Street, Suite 2241, Cambridge, MA 02142 Attn: Chief Financial Officer, (617) 830-3031
	x123.






	 







	 


	 

	17



	 







	 






	 










	 





	$150,000,000






	 






	 






	Common
	Shares






	Warrants






	Units






	Subscription
	Rights





	 




	 





	 






	Prospectus





	 




	 





	 






	,
	2017





	 







	 


	 


	 







	 






	 






	The
	information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the Securities and Exchange
	Commission declares our registration statement effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it is not
	soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.





	 





	PROSPECTUS
	(Subject to Completion)






	Dated
	May 15, 2017





	 





	Up
	to $30,000,000 of Common Shares





	 




	 









	 






	 










	 




	We
	have entered into an equity distribution agreement with Canaccord Genuity Inc. relating to our common shares offered by this prospectus.
	In accordance with the terms of the equity distribution agreement, under this prospectus we may offer and sell our common shares,
	no par value, having an aggregate offering price of up to $30,000,000 from time to time through Canaccord Genuity Inc., acting
	as sales agent.




	 





	Our common shares are
	listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol “VBIV” and “VBV,”
	respectively. On May 10, 2017, the last reported sale price of our common shares on The NASDAQ Capital Market was $4.12 per
	share.



	 







	Sales of our common shares,
	if any, under this prospectus may be made in sales deemed to be “at-the-market” equity offerings as defined in Rule
	415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), including sales made directly
	on or through The NASDAQ Capital Market, the primary trading market for our common shares, sales made to or through a market
	maker other than on an exchange or otherwise, in negotiated transactions at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at
	prices related to such prevailing market prices, and/or any other method permitted by law, including in privately negotiated transactions.
	While there is no requirement that Canaccord Genuity Inc. sell any specific number or dollar amount of securities, it will act
	as sales agent on a best efforts basis and use commercially reasonable efforts to sell on our behalf all of the common shares
	requested to be sold by us, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between Canaccord
	Genuity Inc. and us. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in any escrow, trust or similar arrangement.







	 




	Canaccord
	Genuity Inc. will be entitled to compensation at a fixed commission rate of 3.0% of the gross sales price per share sold. In connection
	with the sale of our common shares on our behalf, Canaccord Genuity Inc. will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within
	the meaning of the Securities Act and the compensation of Canaccord Genuity Inc. will be deemed to be underwriting commissions
	or discounts.




	 





	An
	investment in our common shares involves a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” on page S-10 of this prospectus
	for more information on these risks.





	 





	Neither
	the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities, or
	passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.





	 




	The
	date of this prospectus is                , 2017.




	 







	 


	S-

	i



	 







	 







	 





	TABLE
	OF CONTENTS





	 






	 





	Page







	 




	 







	ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS





	S-1







	MARKET, INDUSTRY AND OTHER DATA




	S-2








	DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS




	S-3








	PROSPECTUS SUMMARY





	S-4







	THE OFFERING






	S-9






	RISK FACTORS




	S-10






	USE OF PROCEEDS




	S-11






	DIVIDEND POLICY




	S-12






	DILUTION




	S-13






	PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION




	S-14






	LEGAL MATTERS




	S-15






	EXPERTS




	S-15






	WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION




	S-15






	INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE




	S-15





	  







	 


	S-

	ii



	 







	 





	 







	ABOUT
	THIS PROSPECTUS





	 




	This
	prospectus relates to the offering of our common shares. Before buying any of the common shares that we are offering, we urge
	you to carefully read this prospectus, together with the information incorporated by reference as described under the heading
	“Where You Can Find More Information” and “Information Incorporated by Reference.” This equity distribution
	agreement prospectus is deemed a prospectus supplement to the base prospectus contained in the registration statement of which
	this prospectus forms a part. These documents contain important information that you should consider when making your investment
	decision.




	 




	This
	prospectus describes the specific terms of the common shares we are offering and also adds to and updates information contained
	in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus. To the extent there is a conflict between the information contained
	in this prospectus, on the one hand, and the information contained in any document incorporated by reference in this prospectus,
	on the other hand, you should rely on the information in this prospectus. If any statement in one of these documents is inconsistent
	with a statement in another document having a later date - for example, a document incorporated by reference into this prospectus
	- the statement in the document having the later date modifies or supersedes the earlier statement.




	 




	You
	should rely only on the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this prospectus and in any free writing prospectus
	that we may authorize for use in connection with this offering. We have not, and Canaccord Genuity Inc. (“Canaccord”),
	has not, authorized any other person to provide you with different information. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent
	information, you should not rely on it. We are not, and Canaccord is not, making an offer to sell or soliciting an offer to buy
	our securities in any jurisdiction where an offer or solicitation is not authorized or in which the person making that offer or
	solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make an offer or solicitation. You should assume
	that the information appearing in this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and in any free
	writing prospectus that we may authorize for use in connection with this offering, is accurate only as of the date of those respective
	documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. You should
	read this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and any free writing prospectus that we may
	authorize for use in connection with this offering, in their entirety before making an investment decision. You should also read
	and consider the information in the documents to which we have referred you in the sections of this prospectus entitled “Where
	You Can Find More Information” and “Information Incorporated by Reference.”




	 




	We
	are offering to sell, and seeking offers to buy, our common shares only in jurisdictions where offers and sales are permitted.
	The distribution of this prospectus and the offering of the common shares in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons
	outside the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions
	relating to, the offering of the common shares and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States. This prospectus
	does not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities
	offered by this prospectus by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such an offer or
	solicitation.




	 




	In
	this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the terms “VBI,” “we,” “us,”
	“our” and the “Company” refer to VBI Vaccines Inc. and its subsidiaries. When we refer to “you,”
	we mean the holders of common shares of the Company.




	 




	Sci-B-Vac™
	and LPV™ and our other logos and trademarks are the property of VBI or its subsidiaries. All other brand names or trademarks
	appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective holders. Our use or display of other parties’ trademarks,
	trade dress or products in this prospectus does not imply that we have a relationship with, or the endorsement or sponsorship
	of, the trademark or trade dress owners.




	 







	 


	S-

	1



	 







	 





	 







	MARKET,
	INDUSTRY AND OTHER DATA





	 




	This
	prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference, contains estimates, projections and other information concerning
	our industry, our business, and the markets for certain products, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets,
	their projected growth rates and the incidence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts,
	projections or similar methodologies is based on a number of assumptions and is inherently subject to uncertainties, including
	those described in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus and documents incorporated by reference in this
	prospectus, and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information.
	You are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates, projections and other information.




	 




	Unless
	otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies
	and similar data prepared by third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. In
	some cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources from which this data is derived. In that regard, when we refer to one or
	more sources of this type of data in any paragraph, you should assume that other data of this type appearing in the same paragraph
	is derived from the same sources, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires.




	 







	 


	S-

	2



	 







	 





	 







	DISCLOSURE
	REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS





	 




	This
	prospectus, including the documents that we incorporate by reference, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning
	of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
	Act”).




	 




	Forward-looking
	statements in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement include, without limitation, statements related to our
	plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and adequacy of resources. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking
	statements involve risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, the following: (i) our plans, strategies, objectives,
	expectations and intentions are subject to change at any time at our discretion; (ii) our plans and results of operations will
	be affected by our ability to manage growth and competition; and (iii) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time
	in our filings with the SEC. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the
	forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products, our ability
	to develop and market new and enhanced products, our ability to obtain financing as and when we need it, competition from existing
	and new products and our ability to effectively react to other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in our SEC
	filings, such as fluctuation of quarterly financial results, reliance on third party manufacturers and suppliers, litigation or
	other proceedings, government regulation and stock price volatility.




	 




	In
	some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as ‘‘may,’‘ ‘‘will,’‘
	‘‘should,’‘ ‘‘could,’‘ ‘‘expects,’‘ ‘‘plans,’‘
	‘‘intends,’‘ ‘‘anticipates,’‘ ‘‘believes,’‘ ‘‘estimates,’‘
	‘‘predicts,’‘ ‘‘potential,’‘ or ‘‘continue’‘ or the negative
	of such terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements
	are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Readers are cautioned not
	to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation
	to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement.




	 







	 


	S-

	3



	 







	 






	 








	PROSPECTUS
	SUMMARY






	 








	OUR
	BUSINESS





	 





	This
	is only a summary and may not contain all the information that is important to you. You should carefully read both this prospectus
	and any accompanying prospectus supplement and any other offering materials, together with the additional information described
	under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.”





	 





	About
	VBI Vaccines Inc.





	 




	We
	are a commercial stage biopharmaceutical company developing next generation vaccines to address unmet needs in infectious disease
	and immuno-oncology. VBI’s first marketed product is Sci-B-Vac™, a hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine that mimics
	all three viral surface antigens of the hepatitis B virus. Sci-B-Vac™ is approved for use in Israel and 14 other countries.
	Recently, VBI completed a post-marketing Phase IV clinical study in Israel to confirm a new in-house reference standard for regulatory
	and quality control purposes. Sci-B-Vac™ has not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”),
	the European Medicines Agency (the “EMA”) or Health Canada (“HC”). VBI is currently developing a Phase
	III clinical program to obtain FDA, EMA, and HC market approvals for commercial sale of Sci-B-Vac™ in the United States,
	Europe, and Canada, respectively. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, SciVac Ltd., manufactures Sci-B-Vac™ in Rehovot, Israel.




	 




	We
	are also advancing our two platform technologies – our Enveloped Virus-Like Particle (“eVLP”) platform technology
	and our Lipid Particle Vaccine (“LPV”) technology. Our eVLP platform technology enables the development of enveloped
	virus-like particle vaccines that closely mimic the target virus to elicit a potent immune response. We are advancing a pipeline
	of eVLP vaccines, with lead programs in both infectious disease, with our congenital cytomegalovirus (“CMV”) vaccine,
	and in immuno-oncology, with our therapeutic glioblastoma multiforme (“GBM” or “glioblastoma”) vaccine
	candidate. Our LPV Thermostability technology is a proprietary formulation of lipids and process that allows vaccines and biologics
	to preserve stability, potency, and safety at temperatures outside of the most common cold chain storage requirements of 2

	o

	C
	to 8

	o

	C.




	 




	VBI
	is headquartered in Cambridge, MA with research operations in Ottawa, Canada and manufacturing facilities in Rehovot, Israel.




	 





	Our
	Principal Products





	 




	Our
	principal products include our hepatitis B vaccine, Sci-B-Vac™, our congenital CMV vaccine, our therapeutic GBM vaccine,
	our eVLP Platform, and our LPV platform.




	 






	Sci-B-Vac™






	 




	Sci-B-Vac™
	is a third generation hepatitis B (“HBV”) vaccine, which is approved for use in Israel and in 14 other countries.
	First-generation hepatitis B vaccines were plasma-derived and were developed in the U.S. and in France in the late 1970s. In the
	mid-1980s, second-generation recombinant DNA-based vaccines were constructed using yeasts transfected with DNA sequences coding
	for the HBV S antigen. These second-generation vaccines are currently used for universal vaccination efforts in many countries
	worldwide. In contrast to these second-generation HBV vaccines, which contain only one surface antigen of HBV, the S antigen,
	Sci-B-Vac™ contains all three surface antigens: the S antigen, the pre-S1, and the pre-S2 antigens. Furthermore, Sci-B-Vac™
	is produced in mammalian CHO cells whereas second-generation vaccines are produced in yeast. The composition of Sci-B-Vac™
	may provide more opportunities for the immune system to respond with antibodies, or neutralizing antibodies, which can recognize
	one or more components of the HBV virus.




	 




	Several
	clinical studies have demonstrated that Sci-B-Vac™ possesses the following benefits relating to the prevention of the HBV
	virus:




	 






	●




	high
	levels of anti-HBV antibodies, sufficient to confer immune memory for long-term protection against hepatitis B;






	 




	 






	●




	rapid
	onset of protection;






	 




	 






	●




	administration
	at lower doses than competing hepatitis B vaccines; and






	 




	 






	●




	free
	of next-generation adjuvants – Sci-B-Vac™ is adjuvanted with alum.






	 







	 


	S-

	4



	 







	 







	 




	In
	the last two decades, 22 clinical studies in over 4,500 patients have been completed using the current and/or prior formulations
	of Sci-B-Vac™. Additionally, product distribution data globally estimates that over 300,000 infants and adults have been
	vaccinated with Sci-B-Vac™. In head-to-head comparative studies, all formulations of Sci-B-Vac™ have consistently
	demonstrated higher rates of seroprotection earlier in adult populations compared to currently licensed hepatitis B vaccines.
	The most recent clinical study was a post-marketing Phase IV study conducted in Israel to support the marketing license and to
	confirm a new in-house reference standard for regulatory and quality control purposes. This study was conducted in 88 healthy,
	HBV-seronegative males and females between 20 and 40 years of age – 98.8% of participants were seroprotected at month 3,
	two months after receiving a second dose of Sci-B-Vac™.




	 




	Sci-B-Vac™
	is generally well-tolerated by patients. During the clinical development and studies of Sci-B-Vac™, approximately 1% of
	the patients experienced local reactions at the injection site (as commonly observed with the use of most vaccines). The injection
	site reactions included soreness, pain, tenderness, pruritus, which is itchiness, erythema, which is redness, ecchymosis, which
	is discoloration of the skin resulting from bleeding underneath the skin, swelling, warmth and nodule formation. These reactions
	were generally mild and were resolved within two days after vaccination. Additionally fatigue, weakness, headache, fever, malaise,
	nausea, diarrhea, pharyngitis, which is inflammation of the pharynx, and upper respiratory infection were observed.




	 




	We
	believe the clinical data collected to date from the previous 22 clinical studies is sufficient to support a Phase III clinical
	program which, when completed, would allow us to seek Marketing Authorization Approval (“MAA”) by the FDA, EMA, and
	HC. We are in the process of finalizing the protocols, negotiating clinical trial agreements and finalizing clinical sites for
	the proposed Phase III clinical program.




	 




	On
	February 7, 2017, we announced that we received positive scientific advice from the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human
	Use (“CHMP”) of the EMA regarding our development path for Sci-B-Vac™ in Europe. In its letter, the CHMP expressed
	its support of our proposed plan to proceed to the Phase III clinical studies of Sci-B-Vac™. The CHMP also agreed that the
	product information, as well as data from ongoing studies, supports the Phase III clinical studies and our planned filing of an
	MAA for Sci-B-Vac™.




	 




	On
	February 22, 2017, we announced that the Biologics and Genetic Therapies Directorate (“BGTD”) of HC expressed its
	general support and acceptance of our development path for Sci-B-Vac™, in a pre-Clinical Trial Application (“CTA”)
	meeting. A complete CTA must be filed with and approved by BGTD, and all conditions of BGTD must be met, prior to the initiation
	of a clinical program in Canada. Given the extensive manufacturing data, licensed clinical efficacy and safety experience of Sci-B-Vac™,
	BGTD agreed in principle with our overall development strategy. In addition, BGTD agreed that the proposed Phase III program would
	satisfy the regulatory requirements for marketing authorization in Canada, supporting the indication for active immunization
	against hepatitis B in adults.




	 




	We
	had similar discussions with the FDA in a pre-IND meeting held on April 10, 2017.




	 




	Sci-B-Vac™
	is currently manufactured by our wholly-owned subsidiary, SciVac Ltd., in its manufacturing facility in Rehovot, Israel.




	 






	Congenital
	CMV Vaccine Candidate






	 




	Our
	lead program using our eVLP technology targets congenital CMV, which is a leading cause of birth defects. While CMV is a common
	virus that infects one in every two people in many developed countries, most CMV infections are asymptomatic. However, CMV can
	cause serious disease in newborns if the mother is infected during pregnancy – this is called congenital CMV infection.
	Each year approximately 5,000 U.S. infants will develop permanent problems due to CMV infection, including deafness, blindness,
	and intellectual disability. CMV affects more live births than any other cause of birth defects, including Down Syndrome or Fetal
	Alcohol Syndrome, making it a key public health priority and a strong candidate for recommended universal vaccination.




	 







	 


	S-

	5



	 







	 





	 




	Our
	vaccine candidate expresses the CMV gB antigen on the surface of the eVLP. Preclinical data demonstrated that the structure of
	the eVLP platform generated stronger neutralizing antibodies than immunization with the same gB target protein alone. Our CMV
	vaccine is also adjuvanted with alum, a safe, FDA-approved adjuvant. Our CMV vaccine has shown promise in early preclinical
	animal models, including in rabbits and in mice, with the ability to generate anti-CMV antibodies and CMV neutralizing responses
	in both fibroblasts and epithelial cells – two clinically-relevant cell types that are susceptible to CMV infection.




	 




	With
	the acquisition of VBI DE in 2016, a significant R&D priority has been the CMV vaccine candidate’s GMP manufacturing
	and its clinical development. Our CMV vaccine candidate was designed internally, and its manufacturing and purification processes
	were designed by the NRC in collaboration with our staff. Such processes and internal knowledge were transferred to our selected
	GMP manufacturer, Paragon Bioservices (“Paragon”), and required significant project management expertise
	and confirmatory R&D studies throughout 2014. In 2015, we engaged a contract research organization, ITR Laboratories Canada
	Inc., and completed GLP toxicology studies to confirm the safety of the CMV vaccine candidate in animals. We initiated a Phase
	I clinical study in June 2016 to assess the safety and tolerability of our CMV vaccine candidate in healthy, CMV-negative adults.
	The study will also assess the vaccine immunogenicity by measuring levels of vaccine-induced CMV neutralizing antibodies. We completed
	enrollment and initial dosing of 128 participants in September 2016. As of May 2017, all participants had received the third and
	final immunization in the series. Interim Phase I clinical study results are anticipated mid-year 2017.




	 






	Therapeutic
	GBM Vaccines






	 




	We
	have also applied our eVLP platform in the development of a therapeutic GBM vaccine candidate. GBM is among the most common and
	aggressive malignant primary brain tumors in humans. In the U.S. alone, 12,000 new cases are diagnosed each year. The current
	standard of care for GBM is surgical resection, followed by radiation and chemotherapy. Even with aggressive treatment, however,
	GBM progresses rapidly and is exceptionally lethal, with median patient survival of less than 16 months.




	 




	Developing
	a broadly applicable GBM immunotherapy requires the identification of antigens, used to direct the immune response, which are
	consistently expressed on tumor cells. A growing body of research has demonstrated that GBM tumors are susceptible to infection
	by CMV, with over 90% of GBM tumors expressing CMV antigens. Targeting CMV antigens, therefore, may represent an attractive strategy
	for GBM immunotherapy.




	 




	We
	intend to create a GBM immunotherapy that will stimulate the patient’s own immune system to identify and kill GBM cancer
	cells, with the goal of creating a commercially-viable therapy that is more effective and tolerable than current treatments. Leveraging
	the flexibility and potency of our eVLP platform technology, we are developing a polyvalent therapeutic vaccine candidate designed
	to direct an immune response against gB and pp65, two CMV antigens that are highly immunogenic targets during natural CMV infection.
	Our vaccine candidate also includes granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (“GM-CSF”), an adjuvant that
	mobilized dendritic function and enhances Th1-type immunity.




	 





	Ex
	vivo

	studies demonstrate the vaccine candidate’s ability to induce desired anti-tumor immunity in peripheral blood mononuclear
	cells (“PBMCs”) harvested from healthy subjects and patients with GBM. GBM patient samples were provided by Columbia
	University’s Brain Tumor Center. Our vaccine candidate also stimulated both CD4+ and CD8+ T cell responses, characterized
	by secretion of IFN-g and CCL3, key biomarkers associated with positive clinical outcomes.




	 




	VBI
	expects to file an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application with the FDA mid-year 2017 to initiate a Phase I/IIa
	clinical study in patients with GBM.






	 








	eVLP
	Vaccine Platform






	 




	On
	August 11, 2011, VBI Cda acquired the eVLP vaccine technology through the acquisition of ePixis. eVLPs SA. are an innovative
	new class of synthetic vaccines that are designed to closely mimic the structure of viruses. Because of their structural similarity
	to viruses found in nature, vaccination with a target protein expressed in an eVLP is capable of imparting greater immunity than
	vaccination with the same recombinant target protein alone. eVLPs are also highly customizable, which allows VBI to rationally
	design preventative and therapeutic vaccine candidates by controlling the expression of both surface and internal target proteins
	of interest.




	 







	 


	S-

	6



	 







	 





	 




	eVLPs
	are produced after transient transfection of cells with plasmids encoding the murine leukemia virus (“MLV”) Gag and
	target surface or internal proteins of interest. The MLV Gag expression induces “budding” of particles from the membrane
	of transfected cells – the target protein of interest is incorporated into the outer envelope during the budding process.
	eVLPs are purified using a process designed to yield material with acceptable residual host cell impurities. Batch consistency
	has also been demonstrated using

	in vivo

	potency release assays.




	 




	In
	addition to the $450,000 initial payment for the technology and $75,000 in related transaction costs, we paid approximately $211,000
	and $110,000 in milestone payments under the e-Pixis Licensing Agreement in the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.




	 




	We
	expect to continue to explore potential therapeutic and scientific targets where our eVLP platform technology can be used effectively
	to generate new vaccine programs.




	 






	LPV
	Platform






	 




	The
	LPV thermostability platform is a proprietary formulation and process that allows vaccines and biologics to preserve stability,
	potency, and safety. Many vaccines and biologics are highly sensitive to temperatues and physical stress. As a consequence, 90%
	of vaccines are transported and stored in a “cold chain” of temperature-controlled environments between 2

	o

	C
	to 8

	o

	C. Without proper storage, exposure to elevated or freezing temperatures can lead to a loss in potency or reduced
	safety, limiting protective benefits or therapeutic effects. Additionally, reliance on a cold chain increases vaccine costs by
	up to 20% and is a significant barrier to patient access in many emerging markets.




	 




	Our
	Lipid Particle Vaccine technology, or “LPV” technology, is a vaccine formulation technology that enables the thermostabilization
	of vaccines through a proprietary formulation and freeze-drying process. The technology is constituted by three lipids, monopalmitoylglycerol
	(“MPG”), dicetyl phosphate (“DCP”) and cholesterol mixed in a proprietary ratio with vaccine antigen using
	a patented method. The resulting mixture is then lyophilized (freeze dried) and can be stored for extended periods of time outside
	of the cold-chain.




	 




	We
	have active collaborations with both Sanofi Pasteur and GlaxoSmithKline, two of the leading vaccine producers in the world. VBI
	is working with Sanofi to explore reformulation a Sanofi vaccine candidate to improve stability. Under the terms of the Sanofi
	Agreement, Sanofi can also acquire certain rights to extend its use of the LPV technology to additional vaccine assets. In February
	2016, we entered into the research collaboration with GSK, which provides GSK with the rights to negotiate an exclusive license
	to the LPV technology for use within a defined field.




	 




	In
	the normal course of our business, we assess and consider potential acquisition, or collaboration opportunities to gain access
	to, technologies or assets that are adjacent to our core competencies of immunology and formulation development. We are currently
	exploring this LPV technology further through partnerships with other third-party collaborators.




	 





	Our
	Research and Development Efforts





	 




	We
	invest heavily in R&D. R&D expenses, which includes clinical development and regulatory related costs, were $10 million
	for the year ended December 31, 2016 and $14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. All R&D was funded by equity,
	term loan or convertible note financings or government grants and refundable R&D tax credits. Our most significant R&D
	expense has been, and is expected to continue to be, related mainly to our development of a CMV vaccine candidate and the related
	eVLP platform. Such R&D expenses are expected to increase significantly as the vaccine moves into the clinical development
	stage and we explore other vaccine opportunities and/or collaborations.




	 




	With
	the acquisition of VBI DE in 2016, a significant R&D priority has been the CMV vaccine candidate’s GMP manufacturing
	and its clinical development. Our CMV vaccine candidate was designed internally, and its manufacturing and purification processes
	were designed by the NRC in collaboration with our staff. Such processes and internal knowledge were transferred to our selected
	GMP manufacturer, Paragon, and required significant project management expertise and confirmatory R&D studies throughout 2014.
	In 2015, we engaged a contract research organization, ITR Laboratories Canada Inc., and completed GLP toxicology studies to confirm
	the safety of the CMV vaccine candidate in animals. We initiated a Phase I clinical study in June 2016 to assess the safety and
	tolerability of our CMV vaccine candidate in healthy, CMV-negative adults. The study will also assess the vaccine immunogenicity
	by measuring levels of vaccine-induced CMV neutralizing antibodies. We completed enrollment and initial dosing of 128 participants
	in September 2016. As of May 2017, all participants had received the third and final immunization in the series. Interim Phase
	I clinical study results are anticipated mid-year 2017.




	 









	 


	S-

	7



	 







	 





	 




	As
	previously described, we expect to make additional R&D investments in our other eVLP vaccine candidates, and in our LPV platform,
	which we expect will be driven by partner-led collaborations, if any.




	 





	Corporate
	Information





	 







	Our
	headquarters are located at 222 Third Street, Suite 2241, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02142. Our primary research facility is located
	in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and our Sci-B-Vac manufacturing facilities are located in Rehovot, Israel and managed by SciVac Ltd.,
	our wholly-owned subsidiary. Our telephone number at our headquarters is (617) 830-3031. Our registered office is located at
	1200 Waterfront Centre, 200 Burrard St, P.O. Box 48600, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7X 1T2.


	Additional information
	about us is available on our website at www.vbivaccines.com. The information contained on or that may be obtained from our website
	is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part of this prospectus. Our common shares, no par value, are currently traded on The
	NASDAQ Capital Market and the Toronto Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “VBIV” and “VBV,” respectively.







	 




	For
	a description of our business, financial condition, results of operations and other important information regarding us, we refer
	you to our filings with the SEC incorporated by reference in this prospectus. For instructions on how to find copies of these
	documents, see “

	Where You Can Find More Information

	.”




	 







	 


	S-

	8



	 








	 





	 











	THE
	OFFERING





	 






	Common
	shares offered by us




	Our
	common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to $30,000,000.






	 




	 






	Common
	shares outstanding after this offering




	47,342,175
	common shares (as more fully described in the notes following this table), assuming the sale by us of 7,281,553 common shares
	in this offering at an assumed offering price of $4.12 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common shares
	on The NASDAQ Capital Market on May 10, 2017, for aggregate proceeds of up to $30,000,000. The actual number of shares issued
	will vary depending on the sales price under this offering






	 




	 






	Manner
	of offering




	“At-the-market”
	offering that may be made from time to time through our sales agent, Canaccord Genuity Inc. (“Cannacord”). See
	“Plan of Distribution” on page S-14.






	 




	 






	Use
	of proceeds




	We
	intend to use the net proceeds from this offering, if any, for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other
	things, increasing our working capital and funding clinical development, regulatory, research and development, general and
	administrative, and capital expenditures. See “Use of Proceeds” on page S-11.






	 




	 






	Risk
	factors




	You
	should read the “Risk Factors” section of this prospectus and in the documents incorporated by reference in this
	prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider before deciding to purchase our common shares.






	 




	 






	Symbol
	on The NASDAQ Capital Market




	VBIV






	 




	 






	Symbol
	on the Toronto Stock Exchange




	VBV







	 




	The
	number of common shares to be outstanding after this offering is based on 40,060,622 common shares outstanding as of March 31,
	2017, and excludes, in each case as of March 31, 2017:




	 






	 




	●




	3,1250,525
	outstanding equity grants and awards which include: 2,465,026 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options
	having a weighted average exercise price of $4.36 per share; and 655,499 common shares issuable upon the vesting of stock
	awards having a weighted average fair value at grant date of $3.93 per share;






	 




	 




	 






	  




	●




	572,287
	common shares reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans; and






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	2,068,824
	common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants having a weighted average exercise price of $3.63 per share.






	 




	In
	addition, until June 20, 2017, if we issue shares at a purchase price per share less than $4.1624, then we will be required
	to issue additional common shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of the share purchase agreement, dated June 20, 2016,
	based on a weighted average adjustment formula.




	 




	Unless
	otherwise stated, all information contained in this prospectus reflects an assumed public offering price of $4.12 per share, which
	was the last reported sale price of our common shares on The NASDAQ Capital Market on May 10, 2017.




	 







	 


	S-

	9



	 








	 







	 

	 










	RISK
	FACTORS





	 





	Investing
	in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Please see the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report
	on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in other documents that we subsequently file with the SEC that are incorporated
	by reference in this prospectus. Additional risk factors may be included in a prospectus supplement relating to a particular offering
	of securities. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider these risks as well as other information we
	include or incorporate by reference in this prospectus. The risks and uncertainties we have described are not the only ones we
	face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business
	operations. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition and cause the value
	of our securities to decline.






	 






	Risks
	Relating to this Offering







	 








	Resales
	of our common shares in the public market during this offering by our shareholders may cause the market price of our common shares
	to fall.






	 




	We
	may issue common shares from time to time in connection with this offering. The issuance from time to time of these new common
	shares, or our ability to issue new common shares in this offering, could result in resales of our common shares by our current
	shareholders concerned about the potential dilution of their holdings. In turn, these resales could have the effect of depressing
	the market price for our common shares.






	 








	You
	may experience immediate and substantial dilution in the net tangible book value per common shares you purchase.






	 




	The
	price per common shares being offered may be higher than the net tangible book value per common shares outstanding prior to this
	offering. Assuming that an aggregate of 7,281,553 shares are sold at a price of $4.12 per share, the last reported sale price
	of our common shares on The NASDAQ Capital Market on May 10, 2017, for aggregate proceeds of $30,000,000 in this offering, and
	after deducting commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us, you will suffer immediate and substantial
	dilution of $3.32 per share, representing the difference between the as adjusted net tangible book value per common share as March
	31, 2017 after giving effect to this offering and the assumed offering price. See the section entitled “Dilution”
	below for a more detailed discussion of the dilution you will incur if you purchase common shares in this offering.




	 







	Until June 20, 2017,




	we may be required to issue additional common shares to the investors who purchased our common shares in a private placement in
	June 2016 as a result of a weighted average anti-dilution adjustment provision in the share purchase agreement entered
	into in such private placement, which would be dilutive to all of our stockholders, including new investors in this offering.





	 







	The share purchase agreement,
	dated June 20, 2016, pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 3,269,688 of our common shares in a private placement at a purchase
	price of $4.1624 per share, contains a weighted average anti-dilution adjustment provision that provides that if
	we, during 12 months from June 20, 2016, issue or sell any common shares or common share equivalents at a purchase price less
	than $4.1624, we will be required, subject to certain limitations and adjustments as provided in the share purchase agreement,
	to issue additional common shares to each investor in an amount equal to the number determined by dividing such investor’s
	investment amount in the private placement offering by the revised purchase price, less the number of common shares purchased
	by such investor in the private placement offering.. To the extent we issue common shares in this offering at a per share price
	less than $4.1624, then we will be required to issue additional common shares and our shareholders and new investors in this offering
	will experience dilution of their ownership interest in the Company.







	 






	You
	may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings.






	 




	In
	order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional common shares or other securities convertible into or
	exchangeable for our common shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell shares or other securities in any other
	offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors
	purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing shareholders. The price per share at
	which we sell additional common shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common shares in future transactions
	may be higher or lower than the price per share in this offering.




	 







	 


	S-

	10



	 







	 





	 








	If
	securities and/or industry analysts fail to continue publishing research about our business, if they change their recommendations
	adversely or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our share price and trading volume could decline.






	 




	The
	trading market for our common shares will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish
	about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly,
	we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our share price or trading volume to decline. In
	addition, it is likely that in some future period our operating results will be below the expectations of securities analysts
	or investors. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares, or if our results of operations do not meet their
	expectations, our share price could decline.






	 








	Our
	management team may invest or spend the proceeds of this offering in ways with which you may not agree or in ways which may not
	yield a significant return.






	 




	Our
	management will have broad discretion over the use of proceeds from this offering. The net proceeds from this offering will be
	used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, increasing our working capital and funding clinical
	development and regulatory, research and development, general and administrative, and capital expenditures as more fully described
	in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds.” You will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision,
	to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. The net proceeds may be used for corporate purposes that do not increase
	our operating results or enhance the value of our common shares. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine
	our use of the net proceeds from this offering, their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. The
	failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could harm our business. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds
	from this offering in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return
	to our shareholders. If we do not invest or apply the net proceeds from this offering in ways that enhance shareholder value,
	we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause our share price to decline.






	 








	Because
	we do not intend to declare cash dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future, shareholders must rely on appreciation
	of the value of our common shares for any return on their investment.






	 




	We
	have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common shares. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for
	the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
	future. In addition, the terms of any existing or future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, we
	expect that only appreciation of the price of our common shares, if any, will provide a return to investors in this offering for
	the foreseeable future.






	 










	USE
	OF PROCEEDS





	 




	We
	may issue and sell common shares having aggregate sales proceeds of up to $30,000,000 from time to time. The amount of proceeds
	from this offering will depend upon the number of common shares sold and the market price at which they are sold. There can be
	no assurance that we will be able to sell any shares under or fully utilize the equity distribution agreement with Canaccord as
	a source of financing. Because there is no minimum offering amount required as a condition to close this offering, the actual
	total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not determinable at this time.




	 




	We
	intend to use the net proceeds, if any, from this offering for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things,
	increasing our working capital and funding clinical development, regulatory, research and development, general and administrative,
	and capital expenditures.




	 




	As
	of the date of this prospectus, we cannot specify with certainty all of the particular uses of the net proceeds of this offering.
	Our management will have significant flexibility in applying the net proceeds from this offering, and investors will be relying
	on the judgment of our management regarding the application of these net proceeds. Pending the uses described above, we intend
	to invest the net proceeds from this offering in short-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates
	of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government.




	 







	 


	S-

	11



	 








	 





	 













	DIVIDEND
	POLICY





	 




	We
	have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common shares and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
	future. We expect to retain available cash to finance ongoing operations and the potential growth of our business. Any future
	determination to pay dividends on our common shares will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon,
	among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors
	our board of directors may deem relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments.




	 







	 


	S-

	12



	 







	 






	 








	DILUTION





	 




	Our
	net tangible book value as of March 31, 2017 was approximately $7.4 million, or $0.19 per share. Net tangible book value per share
	is determined by dividing our total tangible assets, less total liabilities, by the number of common shares outstanding as of
	March 31, 2017. Dilution in net tangible book value per share represents the difference between the amount per share paid by purchasers
	of common shares in this offering and the as adjusted net tangible book value per common share immediately after giving effect
	to this offering.




	 




	After
	giving effect to the sale of our common shares in the aggregate amount of $30,000,000 in this offering at an assumed offering
	price of $4.12, the last reported sale price of our common shares on The NASDAQ Capital Market on May 10, 2017, and after deducting
	commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by us, our as adjusted net tangible book value as of March 31, 2017
	would have been approximately $36.3 million, or $0.77 per share. This represents an immediate increase in net tangible book value
	of $0.61 per share to existing shareholders and immediate dilution in net tangible book value of $3.32 per share to new investors
	purchasing our common shares in this offering. The following table illustrates this dilution on a per share basis:




	 








	Assumed
	public offering price per share




	 




	 




	 




	 






	$




	4.12




	 






	Net tangible book value per share
	as of March 31, 2017




	 




	$




	0.19




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Increase
	per share attributable to the offering




	 




	$




	0.61




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	As adjusted net tangible book value
	per share after this offering




	 




	$




	0.80




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Dilution per share attributable to new
	investors




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	$




	3.32




	 







	 




	The
	common shares sold in this offering, if any, will be sold from time to time at various prices. An increase of $1.00 per share
	in the price at which the common shares are sold from the assumed offering price of $4.12 per share shown in the table above,
	assuming all of our common shares in the aggregate amount of $30,000,000 is sold at that price, would cause our as adjusted net
	tangible book value per share after the offering to be $0.82 per share and would increase the dilution in net tangible book value
	per share to new investors to $4.30 per share, after deducting commissions and estimated aggregate offering expenses payable by
	us. A decrease of $1.00 per share in the price at which the common shares are sold from the assumed offering price of $4.12 per
	share shown in the table above, assuming all of our common shares in the aggregate amount of $30,000,000 is sold at that price,
	would cause our as adjusted net tangible book value per share after the offering to be $0.77 per share and would decrease the
	dilution in net tangible book value per share to new investors to $2.34 per share, after deducting commissions and estimated aggregate
	offering expenses payable by us. This information is supplied for illustrative purposes only.




	 




	The
	above discussion and table are based on 40,060,622 common shares outstanding as of March 31, 2017, and exclude as of that date:




	 








	 




	●




	3,120,525
	outstanding equity grants and awards which include: 2,465,026 common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding options
	having a weighted average exercise price of $4.36 per share; and 655,499 common shares issuable upon the vesting of stock
	awards having a weighted average fair value at grant date of $3.93 per share;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	572,287
	common shares reserved for issuance under our equity incentive plans; and






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	2,068,824
	common shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants having a weighted average exercise price of $3.63 per share.






	 




	If
	all of the above issued options and warrants were exercised, the pro forma net tangible book value per common share after giving
	effect to this offering would be $0.16 per share, and the dilution in net tangible book value per share to investors in this offering
	would be $3.42 per share. In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations
	even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. To the extent that we raise additional
	capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution
	to our shareholders.




	 







	 


	S-

	13



	 







	 






	 








	PLAN
	OF DISTRIBUTION





	 




	We
	have entered into an equity distribution agreement with Canaccord under which we may issue and sell our common shares having an
	aggregate gross sales price of up to $30,000,000 from time to time through Canaccord acting as agent. The equity distribution
	agreement has been filed as an exhibit to our registration statement on Form S-3 of which this prospectus forms a part.




	 




	Upon
	delivery of a placement notice and subject to the terms and conditions of the equity distribution agreement, Canaccord may sell
	our common shares by any method permitted by law deemed to be an “at-the-market” offering as defined in Rule 415 promulgated
	under the Securities Act, including sales made directly on The NASDAQ Capital Market, on any other existing trading market for
	our common shares or to or through a market maker. Canaccord may also sell our common shares by any other method permitted by
	law, including in privately negotiated transactions. We may instruct Canaccord not to sell common shares if the sales cannot be
	effected at or above the price designated by us from time to time. We or Canaccord may suspend the offering of common shares upon
	notice and subject to other conditions.




	 



	We will pay Canaccord
	commissions, in cash, for its services in acting as agent in the sale of our common shares. Canaccord will be entitled to compensation
	at a fixed commission rate of 3.0% of the gross sales price per share sold. Because there is no minimum offering amount required
	as a condition to close this offering, the actual total public offering amount, commissions and proceeds to us, if any, are not
	determinable at this time. We have also agreed to reimburse Canaccord for certain specified expenses, including the fees and disbursements
	of its legal counsel, in an amount not to exceed $50,000. We estimate that the total expenses for the offering, excluding compensation
	and reimbursement payable to Canaccord under the terms of the equity distribution agreement, will be approximately $250,000.



	 




	Settlement
	for sales of common shares will occur on the third business day following the date on which any sales are made, or on some other
	date that is agreed upon by us and Canaccord in connection with a particular transaction, in return for payment of the net proceeds
	to us. Sales of our common shares as contemplated in this prospectus will be settled through the facilities of The Depository
	Trust Company or by such other means as we and Canaccord may agree upon. There is no arrangement for funds to be received in an
	escrow, trust or similar arrangement.




	 




	Canaccord
	will use its commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its sales and trading practices, to solicit offers to purchase the
	common shares under the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the equity distribution agreement. In connection with
	the sale of the common shares on our behalf, Canaccord will be deemed to be an “underwriter” within the meaning of
	the Securities Act and the compensation paid to Canaccord will be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts. We have
	agreed to provide indemnification and contribution to Canaccord against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under
	the Securities Act.




	 




	The
	offering of our common shares pursuant to the equity distribution agreement will terminate automatically upon the sale of all
	of our common shares subject to the equity distribution agreement or as otherwise permitted therein. We and Canaccord may each
	terminate the equity distribution agreement at any time upon 10 days’ prior written notice.




	 




	Any
	portion of the $30,000,000 included in this prospectus that is not sold or included in an active placement notice pursuant to
	the equity distribution agreement is available for sale in other offerings pursuant to the base prospectus, and if no shares are
	sold under the equity distribution agreement, the full $30,000,000 of securities may be sold in other offerings pursuant to the
	base prospectus and a corresponding prospectus.




	 




	Canaccord
	and its affiliates may in the future provide various investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services for us
	and our affiliates, for which services they may in the future receive customary fees. To the extent required by Regulation M,
	Canaccord will not engage in any market making activities involving our common shares while the offering is ongoing under this
	prospectus.




	 




	This
	prospectus in electronic format may be made available on a website maintained by Canaccord and Canaccord may distribute this prospectus
	electronically.




	 







	 


	S-

	14



	 







	 






	 








	LEGAL
	MATTERS





	 




	The
	validity of the issuance of the securities offered hereby will be passed upon for us by Borden Ladner Gervais LLP. Canaccord is
	being represented in connection with this offering by Goodwin Procter LLP, New York, New York.




	 







	EXPERTS







	 




	The
	consolidated balance sheets of VBI Vaccines Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016, and the related consolidated statements
	of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, have been audited by EisnerAmper LLP, independent
	registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is incorporated herein by reference, which report includes
	an explanatory paragraph about the existence of substantial doubt concerning the Company’s ability to continue as a going
	concern. Such financial statements have been incorporated by reference in reliance on the report of such firm given upon their
	authority as experts in accounting and auditing.




	 




	Smythe
	LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
	31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as set forth in their report, which
	is incorporated by reference in the prospectus and elsewhere in this registration statement. Our consolidated financial statements
	are incorporated by reference in reliance on Smythe LLP’s report, given on their authority as experts in accounting and
	auditing.




	 



	Peterson Sullivan LLP,
	independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc.,
	our wholly-owned subsidiary, as set forth in its report thereon which is included in our prospectus filed on April 8, 2016 pursuant
	to Rule 424(b)(3) (SEC File No. 333-208761) and incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration
	statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated herein by reference in
	reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.



	 







	WHERE
	YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION





	 




	We
	have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, with respect to the securities covered
	by this prospectus. This prospectus, which is a part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set
	forth in the registration statement or the exhibits and schedules filed therewith. For further information with respect to us
	and the securities covered by this prospectus, please see the registration statement and the exhibits filed with the registration
	statement. A copy of the registration statement and the exhibits filed with the registration statement may be inspected without
	charge at the Public Reference Room maintained by the SEC, located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call
	the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information about the operation of the Public Reference Room. The SEC also maintains an Internet
	website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically
	with the SEC. The address of the website is http://www.sec.gov.




	 




	We
	are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and, in accordance therewith, we file periodic
	reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are
	available for inspection and copying at the Public Reference Room and website of the SEC referred to above. We maintain a website
	at http://www.vbivaccines.com. You may access our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
	on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act with the SEC free of
	charge at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the
	SEC. Our website and the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not incorporated into and are not
	a part of this prospectus.




	 







	INFORMATION
	INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE





	 




	The
	SEC and applicable law permits us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus information that we have or may
	in the future file with or furnish to the SEC. This means that we can disclose important information by referring you to those
	documents. You should read carefully the information incorporated herein by reference because it is an important part of this
	prospectus. We hereby incorporate by reference the following documents into this prospectus:




	 







	 


	S-

	15



	 







	 





	 








	 




	●




	our
	Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	our
	Amendment No. 1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC
	on May 15, 2017;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	our
	Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, as filed with the SEC on May 15, 2017;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	our
	Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2017 (other than the portions of the filing that were furnished
	rather than filed) and April 20, 2017;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	the
	description of our common shares which is included in the Form 8-A filed with the SEC on May 5, 2016; and






	 




	 




	 






	 




	●




	the
	consolidated financial statements of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2015 included
	in our prospectus filed on April 8, 2016 pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) (SEC File No. 333-208761).






	 




	Additionally,
	all documents filed by us with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (other than any portions of
	filings that are furnished rather than filed pursuant to Items 2.02 and 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8-K), after the date
	of this prospectus and before the termination or completion of this offering (including all such documents filed with the SEC
	after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement) shall be deemed
	to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus from the respective dates of filing of such documents. Any information that
	we subsequently file with the SEC that is incorporated by reference as described above will automatically update and supersede
	any previous information that is part of this prospectus.




	 




	Upon
	written or oral request, we will provide you without charge, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference,
	other than exhibits to those documents unless the exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference in the documents. Please
	send requests to VBI Vaccines Inc., 222 Third Street, Suite 2241, Cambridge, MA 02142 Attn: Chief Financial Officer, (617) 830-3031
	x123.




	 







	 


	S-

	16



	 







	 





	 





	$30,000,000





	 




	 







	 





	Common
	shares





	 

	 







	 









	 






	Prospectus





	 








	 






	 







	Canaccord
	Genuity





	 




	,
	2017





	 






	 








	 







	 


	 


	 







	 






	 










	PART
	II






	INFORMATION
	NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS





	 







	Item
	14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution.





	 




	The
	following statement sets forth the expenses and costs expected to be incurred by VBI Vaccines Inc. in connection with the distribution
	of its securities being registered in this registration statement. All amounts other than the SEC registration fee are estimates.




	 








	SEC registration fee




	 




	$




	17,385




	(1)






	Transfer agent’s fees and expenses




	 




	 




	$
	*




	 






	Legal fees and expenses




	 




	 




	$
	*




	 






	Accounting fees and expenses




	 




	 




	$
	*




	 






	Miscellaneous fees and expenses




	 




	 




	$
	*




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Total




	 




	 




	$
	*




	 






	 


	(1) Pursuant to Rule 457(p) under the Securities
	Act, the registrant is offsetting the registration fee due under this registration statement by $15,105.00, which represents
	the portion of the registration fee previously paid with respect to $150,000,000.00 of unsold securities previously
	registered on the registration statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333-212651), initially filed on July 22, 2016.







	 




	*
	Estimated expenses are not presently known. The foregoing sets forth the general categories of expenses that we anticipate we
	will incur in connection with the offering of securities under this registration statement. An estimate of the aggregate expenses
	in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities being offered will be included in the applicable prospectus
	supplement, information incorporated by reference or related free writing prospectus.





	 








	Item 15. Indemnification of Officers and
	Directors.




	 




	Article
	21, Section 21.2 of VBI’s articles requires VBI, subject to the British Columbia Business Corporations Act (the “BCA”),
	to indemnify a director, former director or alternate director and his or her heirs and legal representatives against all eligible
	penalties to which such person is or may be liable and after the disposition of an eligible proceeding pay the expenses actually
	and reasonably incurred by such person in respect of that proceeding.




	 




	Pursuant
	to Article 21, Section 21.3, VBI may indemnify any other person subject to the restrictions of the BCA.




	 




	Prior
	to the final disposition, VBI may pay, as they are incurred, the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by an eligible party,
	or the heirs and personal or other legal representatives in respect of that proceeding, if VBI first receives from such person
	a written undertaking that if the indemnification is ultimately determined to be prohibited pursuant to the BCA, such person will
	repay the amounts advanced.




	 




	Indemnification
	under the BCA is prohibited if any of the following circumstances apply: (1) if the indemnity or payment is made under an earlier
	agreement and at the time the agreement to indemnify or pay expenses was made the company was prohibited from doing so under its
	memorandum or articles; (2) if the indemnity or payment is made otherwise than under an earlier agreement and at the time the
	indemnity or payment is made, the company is prohibited from doing so under its memorandum or articles; (3) if, in relation to
	the subject matter of the eligible proceeding, the eligible party did not act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best
	interests of the company or the associated corporation; or (4) in the case of an eligible proceeding other than a civil proceeding,
	if the eligible party did not have reasonable grounds for believing that the eligible party’s conduct in respect of which
	the proceeding was brought was lawful.




	 




	Additionally,
	if an eligible proceeding is brought against an eligible party, or the heirs and personal or other legal representatives in respect
	of that proceeding, by or on behalf of VBI or an associated corporation, VBI must not indemnify that person for any penalties
	such person is or may be liable for and must not pay the expenses of that person in respect of the proceeding.




	 







	 


	II-

	1



	 








	 






	 








	Item
	16. Exhibits.





	 




	The
	following exhibits are included herein or incorporated herein by reference:




	 









	Exhibit
	No.





	 





	Description
	of Document







	1.1




	 




	Underwriting
	Agreement*






	1.2




	 




	Equity Distribution Agreement,
	dated May 15, 2017, by and between the Company and Canaccord Genuity Inc.






	2.1




	 




	Agreement
	and Plan of Merger dated as of October 26, 2015 (attached as Annex A to the proxy statement/prospectus which forms part of
	the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015 and incorporated herein
	by reference).






	2.2




	 




	First
	Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 17, 2015 (attached as Annex A to the proxy statement/prospectus
	which forms part of the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015 and
	incorporated herein by reference).






	4.1




	 




	Articles
	(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761), filed with
	the SEC on December 23, 2015).






	4.2




	 




	Notice
	of Articles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File
	No. 333-208761), filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016).






	4.3




	 




	Form
	of Notice of Alteration (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form
	F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761) filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016).






	4.4




	 




	Specimen
	form of share certificate






	4.5




	 




	Form
	of Warrant Agreement (including form of Warrant)*






	4.6




	 




	Form
	of Unit Agreement (including form of Unit)*






	4.7




	 




	Form
	of Subscription Rights Agreement (including form of Subscription Rights Certificate)*






	5.1




	 




	Opinion
	of Borden Ladner Gervais LLP.






	23.1




	 




	Consent
	of EisnerAmper LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.






	23.2




	 




	Consent
	of Smythe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm






	23.3




	 




	Consent
	of Borden Ladner Gervais LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).





	23.4


	 


	Consent of Peterson Sullivan LLP, Independent
	Registered Public Accounting Firm.





	24.1




	 




	Power
	of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Registration Statement).







	 




	*
	To be filed, if necessary, after effectiveness of this registration statement by an amendment to the registration statement or
	incorporated by reference to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed in connection with an underwritten offering of the shares offered
	hereunder.





	 







	Item
	17. Undertakings.





	 






	 




	(a)




	The
	undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes:






	 






	 




	(1)




	To
	file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement:






	 






	 




	(i)




	To
	include any prospectus required by Section 10(a) (3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	(ii)




	To
	reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most
	recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information
	set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered
	(if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low
	or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant
	to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20% change in the maximum aggregate
	offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	(iii)




	To
	include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
	or any material change to such information in the registration statement;






	 







	 


	II-

	2



	 







	 






	 








	provided,
	however

	, that:




	 




	Paragraphs
	(a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective
	amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to
	Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement,
	or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement.




	 






	 




	(2)




	That,
	for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, each such post-effective amendment
	shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
	at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	(3)




	To
	remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold
	at the termination of the offering.






	 




	 




	 






	 




	(4)




	That,
	for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to any purchaser:






	 






	 




	(A)




	Each
	prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3)shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of
	the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and






	 




	(B)




	Each
	prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance
	on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information
	required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration
	statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first
	contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes
	of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of
	the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and
	the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however,
	that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document
	incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
	statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement
	that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such
	document immediately prior to such effective date; or






	 






	 




	(5)




	That,
	for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to any purchaser
	in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities
	of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell
	the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following
	communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such
	securities to such purchaser:






	 






	 




	(i)




	Any
	preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant
	to Rule 424;






	 




	 




	 






	 




	(ii)




	Any
	free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred
	to by the undersigned registrant;






	 







	 


	II-

	3



	 







	 





	 








	 




	(iii)




	The
	portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned
	registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and






	 




	 




	 






	 




	(iv)




	Any
	other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser.






	 






	(b)




	The
	undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933,
	as amended, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section
	15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in this registration statement shall be deemed
	to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that
	time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.






	 




	 






	(c)




	The
	undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to supplement the prospectus, after the expiration of the subscription period, to
	set forth the results of the subscription offer, the transactions by the underwriters during the subscription period, the
	amount of unsubscribed securities to be purchased by the underwriters, and the terms of any subsequent reoffering thereof.
	If any public offering by the underwriters is to be made on terms differing from those set forth on the cover page of the
	prospectus, a post-effective amendment will be filed to set forth the terms of such offering.






	 




	 






	(d)




	Insofar
	as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to directors, officers,
	and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised
	that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
	in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other
	than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer, or controlling person of the registrant
	in the successful defense of any action, suit, or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person
	in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has
	been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification
	by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.






	 







	 


	II-

	4



	 









	 





	 







	SIGNATURES





	 




	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it
	meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf
	by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Cambridge, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on May 15, 2017.




	 






	 





	VBI
	VACCINES INC.









	 





	 









	 




	By:





	/s/
	Jeff R. Baxter







	 




	 





	Jeff
	R. Baxter




	President
	and Chief Executive Officer







	 








	 




	By:





	/s/
	Egidio Nascimento







	 




	 





	Egidio
	Nascimento




	Chief
	Financial Officer









	 








	POWER
	OF ATTORNEY





	 




	KNOW
	ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jeff R. Baxter and
	Egidio Nascimento, and each of them acting individually, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, each with full power
	of substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this registration statement (including post-effective
	amendments), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting
	unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of each to act alone, full power and authority to do and perform each
	and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he
	might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute
	or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.




	 




	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the
	capacities and on the dates indicated.




	 






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Jeff R. Baxter







	 





	Jeff
	R. Baxter




	President,
	Chief Executive Officer and Director







	 




	(Principal
	Executive Officer)






	 




	 






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Egidio Nascimento







	 





	Egidio
	Nascimento




	Chief
	Financial Officer




	(Principal
	Financial and Accounting Officer)







	 




	 






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Steven Gillis







	 




	Steven
	Gillis






	 




	Director






	 




	 






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Sam Chawla







	 





	Sam
	Chawla




	Director







	 




	 






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Scott Requadt







	 




	Scott
	Requadt






	 




	Director






	  






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Michel De Wilde







	 




	Michel
	De Wilde






	 




	Director






	 




	 






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Steve Rubin







	 




	Steve
	Rubin






	 




	Director






	 




	 






	Date:
	May 15, 2017





	/s/
	Adam Logal







	 




	Adam
	Logal






	 




	Director







	 







	 


	 


	 







	 





	 







	EXHIBIT
	INDEX





	 









	Exhibit
	No.





	 





	Description
	of Document







	1.1




	 




	Underwriting
	Agreement*






	1.2




	 



	Equity Distribution Agreement, dated May 15,
	2017, by and between the Company and Canaccord Genuity Inc.





	2.1




	 




	Agreement
	and Plan of Merger dated as of October 26, 2015 (attached as Annex A to the proxy statement/prospectus which forms part of
	the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015 and incorporated herein
	by reference).






	2.2




	 




	First
	Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 17, 2015 (attached as Annex A to the proxy statement/prospectus
	which forms part of the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, filed with the SEC on December 23, 2015 and
	incorporated herein by reference).






	4.1




	 




	Articles
	(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761), filed with
	the SEC on December 23, 2015).






	4.2




	 




	Notice
	of Articles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form F-4 (SEC File
	No. 333-208761), filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016).






	4.3




	 




	Form
	of Notice of Alteration (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the registration statement on Form
	F-4 (SEC File No. 333-208761) filed with the SEC on February 5, 2016).






	4.4




	 




	Specimen
	form of share certificate






	4.5




	 




	Form
	of Warrant Agreement (including form of Warrant)*






	4.6




	 




	Form
	of Unit Agreement (including form of Unit)*






	4.7




	 




	Form
	of Subscription Rights Agreement (including form of Subscription Rights Certificate)*






	5.1




	 




	Opinion
	of Borden Ladner Gervais LLP.






	23.1




	 




	Consent
	of EisnerAmper LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.






	23.2




	 




	Consent
	of Smythe LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm






	23.3




	 




	Consent
	of Borden Ladner Gervais LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).





	23.4


	 


	Consent of Peterson Sullivan LLP, Independent
	Registered Public Accounting Firm.





	24.1




	 




	Power
	of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Registration Statement).






	 






	*
	To be filed, if necessary, after effectiveness of this registration statement by an amendment to the registration statement or
	incorporated by reference to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed in connection with an underwritten offering of the shares offered
	hereunder.





	 







	 


	 


	 







	 





	 












	 





	VBI
	Vaccines Inc.






	 





	$30,000,000




	 




	equity
	distribution AGREEMENT




	 




	May
	15, 2017




	 




	Canaccord
	Genuity Inc.




	99
	High Street, 12

	th

	Floor




	Boston,
	Massachusetts 02110




	 




	Ladies
	and Gentlemen:




	 




	VBI
	Vaccines Inc., a company incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) (the “

	Company

	”),
	confirms its agreement (this “

	Agreement

	”) with Canaccord Genuity Inc. (“

	Canaccord

	”), as
	of the date first written above, as follows:




	 




	1.       

	Issuance
	and Sale of Shares

	. The Company agrees that, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, on the terms and subject
	to the conditions set forth herein, it will issue and sell through Canaccord, acting as sales agent, common shares, no par value
	per share (the “

	Common Shares

	”), of the Company (the “

	Shares

	”) having an aggregate offering
	price of up to $30,000,000. The Shares will be sold on the terms set forth herein at such times and in such amounts as the Company
	and Canaccord shall agree from time to time. The issuance and sale of the Shares through Canaccord will be effected pursuant to
	the Registration Statement (as defined below) filed by the Company with, and to be declared effective by, the United States Securities
	and Exchange Commission (the “

	Commission

	”).




	 




	2.       

	Placements.





	 








	(a)





	Placement
	Notice

	. Each time that the Company wishes to issue and sell Shares hereunder (each,
	a “

	Placement

	”), it will notify Canaccord by e-mail notice (or other
	method mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) containing the parameters within
	which it desires to sell the Shares, which shall at a minimum include the number of Shares
	(“

	Placement Shares

	”) to be issued, the time period during which sales
	are requested to be made, any limitation on the number of Shares that may be sold in
	any one Trading Day (as defined in

	Section 3

	) and any minimum price below which
	sales may not be made (a “

	Placement Notice

	”), a form of which shall
	be mutually agreed upon by the Company and Canaccord. The Placement Notice shall originate
	from any of the individuals (each an “

	Authorized Representative

	”)
	from the Company set forth on

	Schedule 1

	(with a copy to each of the other individuals
	from the Company listed on such schedule), and shall be addressed to each of the individuals
	from Canaccord set forth on

	Schedule 1

	attached hereto, as such

	Schedule 1

	may be amended from time to time. The Placement Notice shall be effective upon confirmation
	by Canaccord unless and until (i) Canaccord declines to accept the terms contained therein
	for any reason, in its sole discretion, in accordance with the notice requirements set
	forth in

	Section 4

	, (ii) the entire amount of the Placement Shares have been sold,
	(iii) the Company suspends or terminates the Placement Notice in accordance with the
	notice requirements set forth in

	Section 4

	, (iv) the Company issues a subsequent
	Placement Notice with parameters superseding those on the earlier dated Placement Notice,
	or (v) the Agreement has been terminated under the provisions of

	Section 12

	.









	 




	 









	 








	 







	(i)





	Placement
	Fee

	. The amount of compensation to be paid by the Company to Canaccord with respect
	to each Placement (in addition to any expense reimbursement pursuant to

	Section 7(i)(ii)

	)
	shall be equal to 3.0% of gross proceeds from each Placement.










	(ii)





	No
	Obligation

	. It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that neither the Company nor
	Canaccord will have any obligation whatsoever with respect to a Placement or any Placement
	Shares unless and until the Company delivers a Placement Notice to Canaccord, and then
	only upon the terms specified therein and herein. It is also expressly acknowledged that
	Canaccord will be under no obligation to purchase Shares on a principal basis. Unless
	otherwise provided herein, in the event of a conflict between the terms of this Agreement
	and the terms of a Placement Notice, the terms of the Placement Notice control.






	3.       

	Sale
	of Placement Shares by Canaccord

	. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the Company’s issuance
	of a Placement Notice, and unless the sale of the Placement Shares described therein has been declined, suspended, or otherwise
	terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Canaccord will use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with
	its normal trading and sales practices to sell on behalf of the Company and as agent, such Placement Shares up to the amount specified,
	and otherwise in accordance with the terms of such Placement Notice. The Company acknowledges that Canaccord will conduct the
	sale of Placement Shares in compliance with applicable law, rules and regulations including, without limitation, Regulation M
	under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “

	Exchange Act

	”), and The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
	and that such compliance may include a delay in commencement of sales efforts after receipt of a Placement Notice. Canaccord will
	provide written confirmation to the Company, as provided in

	Section 13

	, no later than the opening of the Trading Day (as
	defined below) next following the Trading Day on which they have made sales of Placement Shares hereunder setting forth the number
	of Placement Shares sold on such day, the compensation payable by the Company to Canaccord with respect to such sales, and the
	Net Proceeds (as defined below) payable to the Company. Canaccord may sell Placement Shares by any method permitted by law deemed
	to be an “at the market” offering under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “

	Securities
	Act

	”), including without limitation sales made directly on the NASDAQ Capital Market, on any other existing trading
	market for the Common Shares or to or through a market maker. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement
	or a Placement Notice, the Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) there can be no assurance that Canaccord will be successful
	in selling any Placement Shares or as to the price at which any Placement Shares are sold, if at all, and (ii) Canaccord will
	incur no liability or obligation to the Company or any other person or entity if they do not sell Placement Shares for any reason
	other than a failure by Canaccord to use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices
	to sell on behalf of the Company and as agent such Placement Shares as provided under this

	Section 3

	. For the purposes
	hereof, “

	Trading Day

	” means any day on which the NASDAQ Capital Market is open for trading.




	 







	 


	-

	2

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 




	4.       

	Suspension
	of Sales

	.




	 








	(a)




	The
	Company or Canaccord may, upon notice to the other party in writing, by telephone (confirmed
	immediately by verifiable facsimile transmission) or by e-mail notice (or other method
	mutually agreed to in writing by the parties), suspend any sale of Placement Shares;
	provided, however, that such suspension shall not affect or impair either party’s
	obligations with respect to any Placement Shares sold hereunder prior to the receipt
	of such notice. The Company agrees that no such notice shall be effective against Canaccord
	unless it is made to one of the individuals named on

	Schedule 1

	hereto, as such
	Schedule may be amended from time to time.










	(b)




	Notwithstanding
	any other provision of this Agreement, during any period in which the Company is in possession
	of material non-public information, the Company and Canaccord (provided Canaccord has
	been given prior written notice of such by the Company, which notice Canaccord agrees
	to treat confidentially) agree that no sale of Placement Shares will take place.






	5.       

	Settlement.





	 








	(a)





	Settlement
	of Placement Shares

	. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Placement Notice,
	settlement for sales of Placement Shares will occur on the third (3rd) Business Day (or
	such earlier day as is agreed by the parties to be industry practice for regular-way
	trading) following the date on which such sales are made (each a “

	Settlement
	Date

	”). The amount of proceeds to be delivered to the Company on a Settlement
	Date against the receipt of the Placement Shares sold (“

	Net Proceeds

	”)
	will be equal to the aggregate sales price at which such Placement Shares were sold,
	after deduction for (i) the commission or other compensation for such sales payable by
	the Company to Canaccord, as the case may be, pursuant to

	Section 2

	hereof, (ii)
	any other amounts due and payable by the Company to Canaccord hereunder pursuant to

	Section
	7(i)

	hereof, and (iii) any transaction fees imposed by any governmental or self-regulatory
	organization in respect of such sales.










	(b)





	Delivery
	of Shares

	. On each Settlement Date, the Company will, or will cause its transfer
	agent to, electronically transfer the Placement Shares being sold by crediting Canaccord’s
	accounts or its designee’s account at The Depository Trust Company through its
	Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission System or by such other means of delivery as may
	be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto and, upon receipt of such Placement Shares,
	which in all cases shall be freely tradeable, transferable, registered shares in good
	deliverable form, Canaccord will, on each Settlement Date, deliver the related Net Proceeds
	in same day funds delivered to an account designated by the Company prior to the Settlement
	Date. If the Company defaults in its obligation to deliver Placement Shares on a Settlement
	Date, the Company agrees that in addition to and in no way limiting the rights and obligations
	set forth in

	Section 10

	hereto, it will (i) hold Canaccord harmless against any
	loss, claim, damage, or expense (including reasonable legal fees and expenses), as incurred,
	arising out of or in connection with such default by the Company and (ii) pay to Canaccord
	any commission, discount, or other compensation to which it would otherwise have been
	entitled absent such default; provided, however, that without limiting

	Section 10

	herein, the Company shall not be obligated to pay Canaccord any commission, discount
	or other compensation on any Placement Shares that it is not possible to settle due to:
	(i) a suspension or material limitation in trading in securities generally on the NASDAQ
	Capital Market; or (ii) a material disruption in securities settlement or clearance services
	in the United States.









	 


	-

	3

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 




	6.       

	Representations
	and Warranties of the Company

	. The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, Canaccord that:




	 








	(a)





	Registration
	Statement and Prospectus

	. The Common Shares are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
	of the Exchange Act, and the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements
	and other documents required to be filed by it with the Commission (the “

	Commission
	Documents

	”) since May 6, 2016, and all of such filings required to be filed
	since such date have been made on a timely basis. The Common Shares are currently quoted
	on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol “VBIV” and on the Toronto
	Stock Exchange under the trading symbol “VBV.” The Company and the transactions
	contemplated hereby meet the requirements for use of Form S-3 under the Securities Act
	and the rules and regulations thereunder (“

	Rules and Regulations

	”),
	including but not limited to the transaction requirements for an offering made by the
	issuer set forth in Instruction I.B.1 to Form S-3. The Company has prepared and filed
	or will file with the Commission a registration statement on Form S-3 with respect to
	the Shares to be offered and sold by the Company pursuant to this Agreement. Such registration
	statement, at any given time, including the amendments thereto at such time, the exhibits
	and any schedules thereto at such time, the documents incorporated by reference therein
	pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act at such time and the documents
	otherwise deemed to be a part thereof or included therein by the rules and regulations
	under the Securities Act, is herein called the “

	Registration Statement

	.”
	The Registration Statement at the time it will become effective is herein called the
	“

	Original Registration Statement

	.” The Registration Statement, including
	the base prospectus contained therein (the “

	Base Prospectus

	”) was
	prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the Securities Act and
	all applicable Rules and Regulations. One or more prospectus supplements (the “

	Prospectus
	Supplements

	,” and together with the Base Prospectus and any amendment thereto
	and all documents incorporated therein by reference, the “

	Prospectus

	”)
	have been or will be prepared by the Company in conformity with the requirements of the
	Securities Act and all applicable Rules and Regulations and have been or will be filed
	with the Commission in the manner and time frame required by the Securities Act and the
	Rules and Regulations. Any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or Prospectus
	required by this Agreement will be so prepared and filed by the Company and, as applicable,
	the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause it to become effective
	as soon as reasonably practicable. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
	Registration Statement has been issued, and no proceeding for that purpose has been instituted
	or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the Commission. No order preventing
	or suspending the use of the Base Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, the Prospectus
	or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus has been issued by the Commission. Copies of all
	filings made by the Company under the Securities Act and all Commission Documents that
	were filed with the Commission have either been delivered to Canaccord or made available
	to Canaccord on the Commission’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval
	system (“

	EDGAR

	”). Any reference herein to the Registration Statement,
	the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto shall be deemed to refer to and
	include the documents incorporated (or deemed to be incorporated) by reference therein
	pursuant to Item 12 of Form S-3 under the Securities Act, and any reference herein to
	the terms “amend,” “amendment” or “supplement” with
	respect to the Registration Statement or Prospectus shall be deemed to refer to and include
	the filing after the execution hereof of any document with the Commission deemed to be
	incorporated by reference therein. For the purposes of this Agreement, the “

	Applicable
	Time

	” means, with respect to any Shares, the time of sale of such Shares pursuant
	to this Agreement.









	 


	-

	4

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(b)





	No
	Misstatement or Omission

	. Each part of the Registration Statement, when such part
	becomes effective, at any deemed effective date pursuant to Rule 430B(f)(2) on the date
	of filing thereof with the Commission and at each Applicable Time and Settlement Date,
	and the Prospectus, on the date of filing thereof with the Commission and at each Applicable
	Time and Settlement Date, conformed or will conform in all material respects with the
	requirements of the Securities Act and the Rules and Regulations, except that financial
	statements of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc., a Delaware corporation (“VBI Delaware”),
	for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2016, which were not required to be filed with
	the Commission by VBI Delaware following its filing of Form 15 with the Commission, but
	which may be required to be included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
	Statement, have not been filed with the Commission as of the date hereof but will be
	filed, if required, prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement; each part
	of the Registration Statement, when such part becomes effective, did not or will not
	contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required
	to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and
	the Prospectus, on the date of filing thereof with the Commission, and the Prospectus
	and the applicable Issuer Free Writing Prospectus(es) issued at or prior to such Applicable
	Time, taken together (collectively, and with respect to any Shares, together with the
	public offering price of such Shares, the “

	Disclosure Package

	”) and
	at each Applicable Time and Settlement Date, did not or will not include an untrue statement
	of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
	therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; except
	that the foregoing shall not apply to statements or omissions in any such document made
	in reliance on information furnished in writing to the Company by Canaccord intended
	for use in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement
	thereto.










	(c)





	Conformity
	with Securities Act and Exchange Act

	. The documents incorporated by reference in
	the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto,
	when they became effective under the Securities Act or were filed with the Commission
	under the Exchange Act, as the case may be, conformed in all material respects with the
	requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules
	and regulations of the Commission thereunder, and none of such documents contained an
	untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
	stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading; and any further
	documents so filed and incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or the
	Prospectus or any further amendment or supplement thereto, when such documents become
	effective or are filed with the Commission, as the case may be, will conform to the requirements
	of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations
	of the Commission thereunder and will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact
	or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
	statements therein not misleading; provided however, that this representation and warranty
	shall not apply to any statements or omissions (a) that have been corrected in a filing
	that has been incorporated by reference in the Prospectus not less than 24 hours prior
	to the relevant Applicable Time or (b) made in reliance on information furnished in writing
	to the Company by Canaccord intended for use in any such document.










	(d)





	Financial
	Information

	. The consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto
	and the supporting schedules of the Company and all significant subsidiaries (as defined
	in Rule 1-02 (w) of Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act) of the Company (the “

	Subsidiaries

	”),
	together with the related notes, set forth or incorporated by reference in the Registration
	Statement, Prospectus and Disclosure Package, have been and will be prepared in accordance
	with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act and with United States generally accepted
	accounting principles consistently applied at the times and during the periods involved
	(except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto,
	or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes
	or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects
	and will fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company
	as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods
	then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end adjustments);
	and the other financial information included or incorporated by reference in the Registration
	Statement, the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package has been compiled on a basis consistent
	in all material respects with that of the financial statements and presents fairly in
	all material respects the information shown thereby. The Company does not have any material
	liabilities or obligations, direct or contingent, which are not disclosed in the Registration
	Statement, Prospectus and Disclosure Package.









	 


	-

	5

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(e)





	Organization.











	(i)




	The
	Company has been duly incorporated and is validly existing as a corporation in good standing
	under the

	Business Corporations Act

	(British Columbia) with full corporate power
	and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to conduct its business as
	described in the Registration Statement and Prospectus; and the Company is duly qualified
	as a foreign entity to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
	in which such qualification is required, whether by reason of the ownership or leasing
	of property or the conduct of business, except where the failure, individually or in
	the aggregate, to be so qualified and be in good standing would not have a material adverse
	effect on (i) the consolidated business, operations, assets, properties, financial condition,
	prospects or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole,
	(ii) the transactions contemplated hereby or (iii) the ability of the Company to perform
	its obligations under this Agreement (collectively, a “

	Material Adverse Effect

	”).










	(ii)




	Each
	of the Subsidiaries is validly existing (and in good standing, where applicable) under
	the laws of the jurisdiction of its formation and has full power and authority to own,
	lease and operate its properties and conduct its business as described in the Registration
	Statement and the Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good
	standing in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, whether by reason
	of the ownership or leasing of property or the conduct of business, except where the
	failure to be so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect.










	(f)





	Subsidiaries

	.
	Except as described in the Prospectus, all of the assets described in the Prospectus
	as owned by the Subsidiaries of the Company are owned directly by the Subsidiaries. Except
	for the Subsidiaries, the Company owns no beneficial interest, directly or indirectly,
	in any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other entity.










	(g)





	Encumbrances

	.
	Except as set forth in the Registration Statement, the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus,
	each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has (i) good and marketable title to all of
	the properties and assets owned by it, free and clear of all liens, charges, claims,
	security interests or encumbrances (collectively, “

	Encumbrances

	”),
	other than Encumbrances that would not have a Material Adverse Effect or do not materially
	interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and
	its Subsidiaries, and (ii) possession under all material leases to which it is party
	as lessee. All leases and contracts to which the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party
	are valid and binding and no material default has occurred and is continuing thereunder
	(unless waived), and no event or circumstance that with the passage of time or giving
	of notice, or both, would constitute such a material default has occurred and is continuing
	(unless waived), and, to the knowledge of the Company, no defaults by the counterparties
	exist under any such leases or contracts.









	 


	-

	6

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(h)





	No
	Improper Practices

	. (i) Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge
	of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee or other person acting on behalf
	of the Company or the Subsidiaries, has, in the past five years, used any corporate funds
	for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating
	to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or
	domestic government official or employee from corporate funds, violated or is in violation
	of any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977; or made any bribe, rebate,
	payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment; (ii) no relationship,
	direct or indirect, exists between or among the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company,
	the Subsidiaries or any affiliate of either of them, on the one hand, and, to the knowledge
	of the Company, the directors, officers and shareholders of the Company or the Subsidiaries,
	on the other hand, that is required by the Securities Act to be described in the Registration
	Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described; (iii) no relationship, direct
	or indirect, exists between or among the Company or the Subsidiaries or any affiliate
	of them, on the one hand, and, to the knowledge of the Company, the Subsidiaries, the
	directors, officers, shareholders or directors of the Company or on the other hand, that
	is required by the rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“

	FINRA

	”)
	to be described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus that is not so described;
	and (iv) except as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, there
	are no material outstanding loans or advances or material guarantees of indebtedness
	by the Company or, to the knowledge of the Company, the Subsidiaries to or for the benefit
	of any of their respective officers or directors or any of the members of the families
	of any of them.










	(i)





	Investment
	Company Act

	. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries, is now or, after giving effect
	to the offering and sale of the Shares, will be required to register as an “investment
	company” or an entity “controlled” by an “investment company,”
	as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “

	Investment
	Company Act

	”).










	(j)





	Capitalization

	.
	The Company has authorized and outstanding capitalization as set forth in the Prospectus
	under the caption “Description of Securities”, and all of the issued capital
	shares of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued and are fully
	paid and non-assessable and have been issued in compliance with all Canadian, and to
	the extent applicable, all United States federal and state and, to the knowledge of the
	Company, all other applicable foreign securities laws; and all of the issued capital
	shares of the Subsidiaries of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued
	and are fully paid and non-assessable and the shares of such Subsidiaries are owned directly
	or indirectly by the Company and, except as set forth in the Registration Statement,
	the Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, are held free and clear of all Encumbrances.
	Except as set forth in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, and except with
	respect to equity awards issued under the Company’s equity incentive plans, there
	are no outstanding options, warrants, preemptive rights, rights of first refusal or other
	rights to purchase, or equity or debt securities convertible into or exchangeable or
	exercisable for, any capital shares of the Company.









	 


	-

	7

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(k)





	The
	Shares

	. The Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued, delivered and paid
	for pursuant to this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
	free and clear of all Encumbrances and will be issued in compliance with all Canadian,
	and to the extent applicable, all United States federal and state and all other applicable
	foreign securities laws; the capital shares of the Company, including the Common Shares,
	conform in all material respects to the description thereof contained in the Registration
	Statement and the Common Shares, including the Placement Shares, will conform to the
	description thereof contained in the Prospectus as amended or supplemented. Except as
	set forth in the Prospectus, neither the shareholders of the Company, nor any other person
	or entity have any preemptive rights or rights of first refusal with respect to the Placement
	Shares or other rights to purchase or receive any of the Placement Shares or any other
	securities or assets of the Company, and no person has the right, contractual or otherwise,
	to cause the Company to issue to it, or register pursuant to the Securities Act (other
	than such registration rights which have been waived in writing by the holders thereof
	as of the date of this Agreement solely in connection with the filing of the Registration
	Statement), any capital shares or other securities or assets of the Company upon the
	issuance or sale of the Placement Shares.










	(l)





	No
	Material Changes

	. Subsequent to the respective dates as of which information is given
	in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, and except
	as may be otherwise stated or incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement,
	the Prospectus and the Disclosure Package, (i) neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries
	has sustained any material loss or interference with the business of the Company and
	its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, including without limitation, from fire, explosion,
	flood or other calamity or damage to any asset, whether or not covered by insurance,
	or from any labor dispute or court or governmental action, order or decree; (ii) there
	have been no transactions entered into by the Company or the Subsidiaries which are material
	to the Company and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, (iii) there has not been
	any change, development, or event that has caused, or could reasonably be expected to
	have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (iv) since the
	date of the latest financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the
	Registration Statement and the Prospectus there has not been any material change, on
	a consolidated basis, in the authorized capital shares of the Company and its Subsidiaries,
	any material increase in the short-term debt or long-term debt of the Company and its
	Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, or any dividend or distribution of any kind declared,
	set aside for payment, paid or made by the Company on any class of capital shares, or
	any Material Adverse Effect, or any development reasonably likely to cause or result
	in a Material Adverse Effect.









	 


	-

	8

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(m)





	Legal
	Proceedings.











	(i)




	Except
	as set forth in the Prospectus, there is no action, suit or proceeding before or by any
	government, governmental instrumentality, agency, body or court, now pending, that would
	be required pursuant to Item 103 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act to be described
	in the Prospectus that is not described in the Prospectus. Neither the Company nor its
	Subsidiaries is a party to or subject to the provisions of, any order, writ, injunction,
	judgment or decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality which could have
	a Material Adverse Effect.










	(ii)




	There
	are no legal, governmental or administrative proceedings, investigations, actions, suits
	or inquiries or contracts or documents of the Company or its Subsidiaries that are required
	to be described in or filed as exhibits to the Commission Documents, Registration Statement
	or any of the documents incorporated by reference therein by the Securities Act or the
	Exchange Act or by the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder that have not
	been so described or filed as required by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act and
	the Rules and Regulations under either of them.










	(n)





	Authorization;
	Enforceability.











	(i)




	The
	Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
	and to perform its obligations hereunder, to provide the representations, warranties
	and indemnities under this Agreement and all necessary action has been duly and validly
	taken by the Company to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
	This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company
	and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company.










	(ii)




	Executing
	and delivering this Agreement and the issuance and sale of the Shares and the compliance
	by the Company with all of the provisions of this Agreement and the consummation of the
	transactions contemplated herein will not result in (i) a breach or violation of any
	of the terms and provisions of, or constitute a default under, any obligation, agreement,
	covenant or condition contained in any material indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan
	or credit agreement or other agreement or instrument to which the Company or its Subsidiaries
	is a party or by which either of them is bound or to which any of the property of the
	Company or its Subsidiaries is subject, (ii) a violation of the Company’s charter,
	articles of incorporation or bylaws, or any statute or any order, rule or regulation
	of any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction over the Company or its
	Subsidiaries or any of their properties, (iii) the creation of any material Encumbrance
	upon any assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries or the triggering, solely as a result
	of the Company’s execution and delivery of this Agreement, of any preemptive or
	anti-dilution rights or rights of first refusal or first offer, or any similar rights
	(whether pursuant to a “poison pill” provision or otherwise), on the part
	of holders of the Company’s securities or any other person (except such anti-dilution
	rights as disclosed in the Prospectus) or (iv), to the Company’s knowledge, result
	in the violation of any law or statute or any judgment, order, rule or regulation of
	any court or arbitrator or governmental or regulatory authority having jurisdiction over
	the Company or its Subsidiaries or any of their properties. Neither the Company nor its
	Subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has issued
	or sold any Common Shares or securities or instruments convertible into, exchangeable
	for and/or otherwise entitling the holder thereof to acquire Common Shares which would
	be integrated with the offer and sale of the Shares hereunder for purposes of NASDAQ
	Rule 5635.









	 


	-

	9

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(o)





	Enforceability
	of Agreements

	. All agreements between the Company and third parties expressly referenced
	in the Prospectus are legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable
	in accordance with their respective terms, except to the extent that (i) enforceability
	may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws
	affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general equitable principles and (ii)
	the indemnification provisions of certain agreements may be limited by federal or state
	securities laws or public policy considerations in respect thereof and except for any
	unenforceability that, individually or in the aggregate, would not unreasonably be expected
	to have a Material Adverse Effect.










	(p)





	No
	Violations or Default

	. Neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries is (i) in violation
	of any provisions of its charter, articles of incorporation, bylaws or any other governing
	document as amended and in effect on and as of the date hereof, (ii) in default (and
	no event has occurred which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
	default) under any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, loan or credit agreement or any
	provision of any instrument or contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound
	that, individually or in the aggregate, could have a Material Adverse Effect or (iii)
	subject to a Company Repayment Event (as defined below). As used herein, “

	Company
	Repayment Event

	” means any event or condition which gives the holder of any
	note, debenture or other evidence of indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder’s
	behalf) the right to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment prior to the stated
	maturity or date of mandatory redemption or repayment thereof of all or a portion of
	such indebtedness by the Company or its Subsidiaries.









	 


	-

	10

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(q)





	Compliance
	with Laws

	. Since May 6, 2016 and, to the knowledge of the Company, prior to such
	date, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not violated and are in compliance with all
	laws, statutes, ordinances, regulations, rules and orders of each foreign, federal, state
	or local government and any other governmental department or agency having jurisdiction
	over the Company and the Subsidiaries, and any judgment, decision, decree or order of
	any court or governmental agency, department or authority having jurisdiction over the
	Company and the Subsidiaries, except for such violations or noncompliance which, individually
	or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.










	(r)





	Consents
	and Permits

	. Except as disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
	the Company and its Subsidiaries possess all such licenses, permits, consents, orders,
	certificates, authorizations, approvals, franchises and rights issued by and have obtained
	or made all such registrations with the appropriate federal, state, foreign or local
	regulatory agencies or judicial or governmental bodies that are or will be necessary
	to conduct their business as described in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus
	except for licenses, permits, consents, orders, certificates, authorizations, approvals,
	franchises, rights or registrations, the absence of which, individually or in the aggregate,
	would not have a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and its Subsidiaries have not received
	any notice of proceedings or investigations relating to the revocation or modification
	of any such licenses, permits, consents, orders, certificates, authorizations, approvals,
	franchises, rights or registrations which, singly or in the aggregate, if the subject
	of an unfavorable decision, ruling or finding, would have a Material Adverse Effect.
	No consent, approval, authorization, permit, or order of, or filing or registration with,
	any court or governmental or self-regulatory agency or body is required for the issue
	and sale of the Shares and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated
	by this Agreement, except the filing with the Commission of the Registration Statement
	(including the Prospectus) and amendments and supplements to the Registration Statement
	and Prospectus related to the issue and sale of the Shares, filings related to the transactions
	contemplated hereby on Form 8-K (unless disclosed on Form 10-Q or Form 10-K) and such
	consents, approvals, authorizations, registrations or qualifications as have already
	been obtained or made or as may be required under the Canadian securities laws, and such
	as may be required under the blue sky laws of any jurisdiction or the rules and regulations
	of FINRA, The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC or the Toronto Stock Exchange in connection with
	the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.










	(s)





	Insurance

	.
	Other than as set forth in the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries carry, or
	are covered by, insurance in such amounts and covering such risks as is prudent, reasonable
	and customary for companies engaged in similar businesses in similar industries; neither
	the Company nor its Subsidiaries has received notice from any insurer or agent of such
	insurer that substantial capital improvements or other expenditures will have to be made
	in order to continue such insurance; all such insurance is outstanding and in full force
	and effect and neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries has received any notice of cancellation
	or proposed cancellation relating to such insurance.









	 


	-

	11

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(t)





	Environmental
	Laws.











	(i)




	Other
	than as set forth in the Prospectus, the Company and its Subsidiaries have obtained all
	environmental permits, licenses and other authorizations required by federal, state,
	foreign and local law relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment
	or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (“

	Environmental
	Laws

	”), in order to conduct their businesses as described in the Prospectus
	except where the failure to obtain a particular environmental permit, license, or authorization,
	has not or would not reasonably be expected to, either individually or in the aggregate,
	result in a Material Adverse Effect; the Company and the Subsidiaries are conducting
	their businesses in compliance in all material respects with such permits, licenses and
	authorizations and with applicable environmental laws; and, except as described in the
	Prospectus, the Company is not in violation of any federal, state, foreign or local law
	or regulation relating to the storage, handling, disposal, release or transportation
	of hazardous or toxic materials except for such violations or noncompliance which, individually
	or in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.










	(u)





	Independent
	Public Accountants

	. Each of (i) EisnerAmper LLP, which has audited the consolidated
	balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2016 and the consolidated statements
	of income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, (ii) Smythe
	LLP, which has audited the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December
	31, 2015 and the consolidated statements of income, shareholders’ equity, and cash
	flows for the year then ended, and (iii) Peterson Sullivan LLP, which has audited the
	consolidated balance sheets of VBI Delaware as of December 31, 2015 and the consolidated
	statements of comprehensive loss, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the
	years then ended, which are all included in or incorporated by reference in the Registration
	Statement and the Prospectus, is a registered independent public accounting firm as required
	by the Securities Act, the Rules and Regulations and the Exchange Act.










	(v)





	Forward-Looking
	Statements

	. No forward looking statement within the meaning of Section 27A of the
	Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act contained in the Commission Documents,
	the Registration Statement or the Prospectus, has been made or reaffirmed without a reasonable
	basis or has been disclosed other than in good faith.









	 


	-

	12

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(w)





	Intellectual
	Property

	. The Company and its Subsidiaries own, possess, license or otherwise have
	sufficient legal rights to all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights,
	trade secrets, licenses, information and proprietary rights and processes necessary for
	their respective businesses as now conducted (collectively, the “

	Company Intellectual
	Property Rights

	”) without any conflict with or infringement of the rights of
	others, except where the failure to own, license or otherwise have rights to such Company
	Intellectual Property Rights, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material
	Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries has received any written communications
	alleging that the Company or its Subsidiaries has violated or, by conducting its business
	as now conducted, would violate any of the patents, trademarks, service marks, trade
	names or copyrights, of any other person or entity. To the Company’s knowledge,
	all Company patents and trademarks are enforceable and there is no existing infringement
	by any person of such Company Intellectual Property Rights.










	(x)





	Taxes.











	(i)




	The
	Company was not, for the immediately preceding taxable year, treated as, will not, for
	the current taxable year, be treated as, and does not anticipate that, for any subsequent
	taxable year, it will be treated as a “passive foreign investment company,”
	a “foreign investment company” or a “foreign personal holding company”
	for United States federal income tax purposes.










	(ii)




	The
	Company has filed all Canadian, United States federal and state and all other applicable
	local and foreign income tax returns which have been required to be filed, except in
	any case in which the failure to so file would not have a Material Adverse Effect.










	(iii)




	The
	Company has paid all Canadian, United States federal, state and local and other foreign
	taxes required to be paid and any other assessment, fine or penalty levied against it,
	to the extent that any of the foregoing would otherwise be delinquent, except, in all
	cases, for any such tax, assessment, fine or penalty that is being contested in good
	faith and except in any case in which the failure to so pay would not result in a Material
	Adverse Effect.










	(iv)




	No
	stamp or other issuance or transfer taxes or duties and no capital gains, income, withholding
	or other taxes are payable by or on behalf of Canaccord to any political subdivision
	or taxing authority in connection with the sale and delivery by the Company of the Placement
	Shares to or for the account of Canaccord or the sale and delivery by Canaccord of the
	Placement Shares to the purchasers thereof.









	 


	-

	13

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(y)





	No
	Reliance

	. The Company has not relied upon Canaccord or legal counsel for Canaccord
	for any legal, tax or accounting advice in connection with the offering and sale of the
	Placement Shares.










	(z)





	FDA
	Regulatory; Clinical Studies

	.










	(i)




	Except
	in each case as otherwise disclosed in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus,
	the Company has not been advised, and has no reason to believe, that it is not conducting
	business in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdictions
	in which it is conducting business, and the Company: (i) is and at all times has been
	in material compliance with all federal, state and local statutes, rules or regulations
	applicable to the ownership, testing, development, manufacture, packaging, processing,
	use, distribution, marketing, labeling, promotion, sale, offer for sale, storage, import,
	export or disposal of any product under development, manufactured or distributed by the
	Company (“

	Applicable Laws

	”); (ii) has not received any correspondence
	or notice from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “

	FDA

	”) or
	any other federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authority alleging
	or asserting material noncompliance with any Applicable Laws or any licenses, certificates,
	approvals, clearances, authorizations, permits and supplements or amendments thereto
	required by any such Applicable Laws (“

	Authorizations

	”); (iii) possesses
	all material Authorizations and such Authorizations are valid and in full force and effect
	and the Company is not in material violation of any term of any such Authorizations;
	(iv) has not received notice of any claim, action, suit, proceeding, hearing, enforcement,
	investigation, arbitration or other action from the FDA or any other federal, state,
	local or foreign governmental or regulatory authority or third party alleging that any
	product, operation or activity is in material violation of Section 361 of the Public
	Health Services Act, any Applicable Laws or Authorizations and has no knowledge that
	the FDA or any other federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authority
	or third party is considering any such claim, litigation, arbitration, action, suit,
	investigation or proceeding; (v) has not received notice that the FDA or any other federal,
	state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory authority has taken, is taking or
	intends to take action to limit, suspend, modify or revoke any material Authorizations
	and has no knowledge that the FDA or any other federal, state, local or foreign governmental
	or regulatory authority is considering such action; (vi) has filed, obtained, maintained
	or submitted all material reports, documents, forms, notices, applications, records,
	claims, submissions and supplements or amendments as required by any Applicable Laws
	or Authorizations and that all such reports, documents, forms, notices, applications,
	records, claims, submissions and supplements or amendments were materially complete and
	correct on the date filed (or were corrected or supplemented by a subsequent submission);
	and (vii) has not, either voluntarily or involuntarily, initiated, conducted, or issued
	or caused to be initiated, conducted or issued, any recall, market withdrawal or replacement,
	safety alert, “dear doctor” letter, or other notice or action relating to
	the alleged lack of safety or efficacy of any product or any alleged product defect or
	violation (other than the Company’s 2015 voluntary recall of Sci-B-Vac

	TM

	)
	and, to the Company’s knowledge, no third party has initiated, conducted or intends
	to initiate any such notice or action.









	 


	-

	14

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(ii)




	The
	studies, tests and preclinical and clinical trials conducted by, or on behalf of the
	Company were and, if still pending, are, being conducted in all material respects in
	accordance with clinical protocols, procedures and controls pursuant to accepted professional
	scientific standards and all Applicable Laws and Authorizations. Any descriptions of
	the results of such studies, tests and trials contained in the Registration Statement
	and the Prospectus are accurate and complete in all material respects and fairly present
	the data derived from such studies, tests and trials. The Company is not aware of any
	studies, tests or trials, the results of which the Company believes reasonably call into
	question the study, test, or trial results described or referred to in the Registration
	Statement and the Prospectus when viewed in the context in which such results are described
	and the clinical state of development. The Company has not received any notices or correspondence
	from the FDA or any other federal, state, local or foreign governmental or regulatory
	authority requiring the termination, suspension or material modification of any studies,
	tests or preclinical or clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the Company.










	(aa)





	Disclosure
	Controls.











	(i)




	The
	Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term
	is defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act), which (a) are designed to ensure that
	material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated Subsidiaries,
	is made known to the Company’s principal executive officer and its principal financial
	officer by others within those entities, particularly during the preparation of the Registration
	Statement; (b) have been evaluated for effectiveness as of the date of the filing of
	the Registration Statement with the Commission; and (c) are effective in all material
	respects to perform the functions for which they were established.










	(ii)




	The
	Company (a) makes and keeps accurate books and records and (b) maintains internal accounting
	controls which provide reasonable assurance that (1) transactions are executed in accordance
	with management’s authorization, (2) transactions are recorded as necessary to
	permit preparation of its financial statements and to maintain accountability for its
	assets, (3) access to its assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s
	authorization and (4) the reported accountability for its assets is compared with existing
	assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences.









	 


	-

	15

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(bb)





	Accounting
	Controls

	. There is no (i) significant deficiency or material weakness in the design
	or operation of internal controls over financial reporting; or (ii) fraud, whether or
	not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role
	in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting.










	(cc)





	Certain
	Market Activities

	. The Company has not taken, directly or indirectly, any action
	designed to, or that might be reasonably expected to, cause or result in stabilization
	or manipulation of the price of the Common Shares.










	(dd)





	Broker/Dealer
	Relationships

	. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries or any related entities (i)
	is required to register as a “broker” or “dealer” in accordance
	with the provisions of the Exchange Act or (ii) directly or indirectly through one or
	more intermediaries, controls or is a “person associated with a FINRA member”
	or “associated person of a FINRA member” (within the meaning of Article I
	of the Bylaws of the FINRA).










	(ee)





	Sarbanes-Oxley

	.
	The principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company have made
	all certifications required by Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
	and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith (the “

	Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act

	”) with respect to all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
	required to be filed by it with the Commission, and the statements contained in any such
	certification are complete and correct. The Company, and to its knowledge, all of the
	Company’s directors or officers, in their capacities as such, are in compliance
	in all material respects with all applicable effective provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act.










	(ff)





	Finder’s
	Fees

	. Neither the Company nor the Subsidiaries has incurred any liability for any
	brokerage commission, finder’s fees or similar payments in connection with the
	transactions herein contemplated, except as may otherwise exist with respect to Canaccord
	pursuant to this Agreement.










	(gg)





	Labor
	Disputes

	. There are no existing or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened labor
	disputes with the employees of the Company or its Subsidiaries which would reasonably
	be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.










	(hh)





	Canaccord
	Purchases

	. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Canaccord has informed the Company
	that Canaccord may, to the extent permitted under the Securities Act and the Exchange
	Act, purchase and sell Common Shares for Canaccord’s own account and for the account
	of its clients at the same time as sales of Placement Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement.










	(ii)





	No
	Registration Rights

	. Except as may be described in the Prospectus, neither the Company
	nor its Subsidiaries is party to any agreement that provides any person with the right
	to require the Company or its Subsidiaries to register any securities for sale under
	the Securities Act by reason of the filing of the Registration Statement with the Commission
	or the issuance and sale of the Placement Shares (other than such registration rights
	which have been waived in writing by the holders thereof as of the date of this Agreement
	solely in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement).









	 


	-

	16

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(jj)





	Prospectus
	Disclosure

	. The statements set forth in the Prospectus under the caption “Description
	of the Securities That May Be Offered” insofar as they purport to constitute a
	summary of the terms of the Shares, and under the caption “Plan of Distribution,”
	insofar as they purport to describe the provisions of the laws and documents referred
	to therein, are accurate and complete in all material respects.










	(kk)





	OFAC

	.
	To the knowledge of the Company, none of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any director,
	officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or its Subsidiaries is currently
	the target of any proceeding, investigation, suit or other action arising out of any
	U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department
	of the Treasury (“

	OFAC

	”); and the Company will not directly or indirectly
	use the proceeds of the offering of the Placement Shares hereunder, or lend, contribute
	or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or
	other person or entity, for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently
	subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.










	(ll)





	Operations

	.
	The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all
	times in compliance with applicable financial record keeping and reporting requirements
	of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, the money
	laundering statutes of all jurisdictions to which the Company and its Subsidiaries are
	subject, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations
	or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively,
	the “

	Money Laundering Laws

	”), except as would not reasonably be expected
	to result in a Material Adverse Effect; and no action, suit or proceeding by or before
	any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
	or its Subsidiaries with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge
	of the Company, threatened.










	(mm)





	Off-Balance
	Sheet Arrangements

	. There are no transactions, arrangements and other relationships
	between and/or among the Company, and/or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its
	affiliates and any unconsolidated entity, including, but not limited to, any structural
	finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity (each, an “

	Off Balance Sheet
	Transaction

	”) that could reasonably be expected to affect materially the Company’s
	liquidity or the availability of or requirements for its capital resources, including
	those Off Balance Sheet Transactions described in the Commission’s Statement about
	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations
	(Release Nos. 33-8056; 34-45321; FR-61), required to be described in the Prospectus which
	have not been described as required.









	 


	-

	17

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(nn)





	ERISA

	.
	Each material employee benefit plan, within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee
	Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“

	ERISA

	”), that
	is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or any of its affiliates
	for employees or former employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries has been maintained
	in material compliance with its terms and the requirements of any applicable statutes,
	orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Internal Revenue
	Code of 1986, as amended (the “

	Code

	”); no prohibited transaction,
	within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, has occurred
	which would result in a material liability to the Company with respect to any such plan
	excluding transactions effected pursuant to a statutory or administrative exemption;
	and for each such plan that is subject to the funding rules of Section 412 of the Code
	or Section 302 of ERISA, no “accumulated funding deficiency” as defined in
	Section 412 of the Code has been incurred, whether or not waived, and the fair market
	value of the assets of each such plan (excluding for these purposes accrued but unpaid
	contributions) exceeds the present value of all benefits accrued under such plan determined
	using reasonable actuarial assumptions.










	(oo)





	No
	Misstatement or Omission in an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus

	. Each issuer free writing
	prospectus, as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act (an “

	Issuer Free
	Writing Prospectus

	”), as of the Applicable Time did not or will not contain
	an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be
	stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
	under which they were made, not misleading; provided, however, that the Company makes
	no representation or warranty with respect to any statement contained in any Issuer Free
	Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished
	to the Company by and through Canaccord for use therein.










	(pp)





	Conformity
	of Issuer Free Writing Prospectus

	. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus conformed
	or will conform in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act
	on the date of first use, and the Company has complied or will comply with any filing
	requirements applicable to such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus pursuant to the Securities
	Act. Each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, as of its issue date and at all subsequent
	times through the completion of the public offer and sale of the Placement Shares, did
	not, does not and will not include any information that conflicted, conflicts or will
	conflict with the information contained in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus,
	including any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded
	or modified. The Company has not made any offer relating to the Shares that would constitute
	an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus without the prior written consent of Canaccord. Since
	May 6, 2016 and, to the knowledge of the Company, prior to such date, the Company has
	retained in accordance with the Securities Act all Issuer Free Writing Prospectuses that
	were not required to be filed pursuant to the Securities Act.









	 


	-

	18

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(qq)





	FINRA
	Exemption

	. The Company satisfies the pre-1992 eligibility requirements for the use
	of a registration statement on Form S-3 in connection with the offering and sale of the
	Shares contemplated hereby (the pre-1992 eligibility requirements for the use of the
	registration statement on Form S-3 include (i) having a non-affiliate, public common
	equity float of at least $100 million and annual trading volume of at least three million
	shares and (ii) having been subject to the Exchange Act reporting requirements for a
	period of 36 months).






	7.       

	Covenants
	of the Company

	. The Company covenants and agrees with Canaccord that:




	 








	(a)





	Registration
	Statement Amendments

	. After the date of this Agreement and during the period in which
	a prospectus relating to the Placement Shares is required to be delivered by Canaccord
	under the Securities Act (including in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied
	pursuant to Rule 172 or Rule 173(a) under the Securities Act), (i) the Company will notify
	Canaccord promptly of the time when any subsequent amendment to the Registration Statement
	has been filed with the Commission and has become effective (each, a “

	Registration
	Statement Amendment Date

	”) or any subsequent supplement to the Prospectus has
	been filed and of any request by the Commission for any amendment or supplement to the
	Registration Statement or Prospectus or for additional information; (ii) the Company
	will file promptly all other material required to be filed by it with the Commission
	pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act; (iii) it will prepare and file with
	the Commission, promptly upon Canaccord’s request, any amendments or supplements
	to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that, in Canaccord’s reasonable opinion,
	may be necessary or advisable in connection with the distribution of the Placement Shares
	by Canaccord (provided, however, that the failure of Canaccord to make such request shall
	not relieve the Company of any obligation or liability hereunder, or affect Canaccord’s
	right to rely on the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement);
	(iv) the Company will submit to Canaccord a copy of any amendment or supplement to the
	Registration Statement or Prospectus a reasonable period of time before the filing thereof
	and will afford Canaccord and Canaccord’s counsel a reasonable opportunity to comment
	on any such proposed filing prior to such proposed filing; and (v) it will furnish to
	Canaccord at the time of filing thereof a copy of any document that upon filing is deemed
	to be incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement or Prospectus; and the
	Company will cause each amendment or supplement to the Prospectus to be filed with the
	Commission as required pursuant to the applicable paragraph of Rule 424 (b) of the Rules
	and Regulations or, in the case of any document to be incorporated therein by reference,
	to be filed with the Commission as required pursuant to the Exchange Act, within the
	time period prescribed.










	(b)





	Notice
	of Commission Stop Orders

	. The Company will advise Canaccord, promptly after it receives
	notice thereof, of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order or of any order preventing
	or suspending the use of the Prospectus or other prospectus in respect of the Shares,
	of any notice of objection of the Commission to the use of the form of the Registration
	Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto pursuant to Rule 401(g)(2) under the
	Securities Act, of the suspension of the qualification of the Shares for offering or
	sale in any jurisdiction, of the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for any
	such purpose, or of any request by the Commission for the amending or supplementing of
	the form of the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or for additional information;
	and, in the event of the issuance of any such stop order or of any such order preventing
	or suspending the use of the Prospectus in respect of the Shares or suspending any such
	qualification, to promptly use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the withdrawal
	of such order; and in the event of any such issuance of a notice of objection, promptly
	to take such reasonable steps as may be necessary to permit offers and sales of the Placement
	Shares by Canaccord, which may include, without limitation, amending the Registration
	Statement or filing a new registration statement, at the Company’s expense (references
	herein to the Registration Statement shall include any such amendment or new registration
	statement).









	 


	-

	19

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(c)





	Delivery
	of Prospectus; Subsequent Changes

	. Within the time during which a prospectus relating
	to the Shares is required to be delivered by Canaccord under the Securities Act (including
	in circumstances where such requirement may be satisfied pursuant to Rule 172 or Rule
	173(a) under the Securities Act), the Company will comply with all requirements imposed
	upon it by the Securities Act and by the Rules and Regulations, as from time to time
	in force, and will file on or before their respective due dates all reports required
	to be filed by it with the Commission pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 15(d), if applicable,
	or any other provision of or under the Exchange Act. If during such period any event
	occurs as a result of which the Prospectus as then amended or supplemented would include
	an untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
	the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances then existing, not misleading,
	or if during such period it is necessary to amend or supplement the Registration Statement
	or Prospectus to comply with the Securities Act, the Company will immediately notify
	Canaccord to suspend the offering of Shares during such period and the Company will promptly
	amend or supplement the Registration Statement or Prospectus (at the expense of the Company)
	so as to correct such statement or omission or effect such compliance.










	(d)





	Trading
	Market Filings

	. In connection with the offering and sale of the Placement Shares,
	the Company will file with each of the NASDAQ Capital Market and the Toronto Stock Exchange
	all documents and notices, and make all certifications, required by each such exchange
	of companies that have securities that are listed on each such exchange.










	(e)





	Listing
	of Placement Shares

	. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause
	the Placement Shares to be listed on each of the NASDAQ Capital Market or the Toronto
	Stock Exchange (together, the “

	Principal Trading Markets

	”) and to
	qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions
	as Canaccord designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required
	for the distribution of the Placement Shares; provided that the Company shall not be
	required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general
	consent to service of process in any jurisdiction.









	 


	-

	20

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(f)





	Delivery
	of Registration Statement and Prospectus

	. The Company will furnish to Canaccord and
	its counsel (at the expense of the Company) copies of the Registration Statement, the
	Prospectus (including all documents incorporated by reference therein) and all amendments
	and supplements to the Registration Statement or Prospectus that are filed with the Commission
	during the period in which a prospectus relating to the Shares is required to be delivered
	under the Securities Act (including all documents filed with the Commission during such
	period that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein), in each case as soon
	as reasonably practicable and in such quantities as Canaccord may from time to time reasonably
	request and, at Canaccord’s request, will also furnish copies of the Prospectus
	to each exchange or market on which sales of Placement Shares may be made.










	(g)





	[Intentionally
	Omitted]

	.










	(h)





	Earnings
	Statement

	. The Company will make generally available to its security holders as soon
	as practicable, but in any event not later than 15 months after the end of the Company’s
	current fiscal quarter, an earnings statement covering a 12-month period that satisfies
	the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and Rule 158 of the Rules and Regulations.










	(i)





	Expenses.











	(i)




	The
	Company, whether or not the transactions contemplated hereunder are consummated or this
	Agreement is terminated, will pay all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations
	hereunder, including but not limited to (i) the preparation, printing and filing of the
	Registration Statement and each amendment and supplement thereto, of each Prospectus
	and of each amendment and supplement thereto and each Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
	(as defined in

	Section 8

	of this Agreement), (ii) the preparation, issuance and
	delivery of the Placement Shares, (iii) all fees and disbursements of the Company’s
	counsel, accountants and other advisors, (iv) the qualification of the Placement Shares
	under securities laws in accordance with the provisions of

	Section 7(e)

	of this
	Agreement, including filing fees in connection therewith, (v) the printing and delivery
	to Canaccord of copies of the Prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto, and
	of this Agreement, (vi) the fees and expenses incurred in connection with the listing
	or qualification of the Placement Shares for trading on each of the Principal Trading
	Markets, and (vii) any filing fees related to the Commission and FINRA.










	(ii)




	Notwithstanding
	the foregoing, the Company shall reimburse Canaccord for all of its reasonable expenses,
	up to a maximum reimbursement of $50,000, arising out of this Agreement (including travel
	and related expenses, the costs of document preparation, production and distribution,
	third party research and database services and the reasonable fees and disbursements
	of counsel to Canaccord) within ten (10) days of the presentation by Canaccord to the
	Company of a reasonably detailed statement therefor.









	 


	-

	21

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(j)





	Use
	of Proceeds

	. The Company will use the net proceeds as described in the Prospectus.










	(k)





	Other
	Sales

	. Without the prior written consent of Canaccord (which consent shall not be
	unreasonably withheld), the Company will not (A) directly or indirectly, offer to sell,
	sell, announce the intention to sell, contract to sell, pledge, lend, grant or sell any
	option, right or warrant to sell or any contract to purchase, purchase any contract or
	option to sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Common Shares (other than the
	Shares offered pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) or securities convertible
	into or exchangeable for Common Shares, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire,
	Common Shares or file any registration statement under the Securities Act with respect
	to any of the foregoing (other than a registration statement on Form S-8), or (B) enter
	into any swap or other agreement or any transaction that transfers in whole or in part,
	directly or indirectly, any of the economic consequence of ownership of the Common Shares,
	or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for or repayable with
	Common Shares, whether any such swap or transaction described in clause (A) or (B) above
	is to be settled by delivery of Common Shares or such other securities, in cash or otherwise,
	during the period beginning on the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately prior to the
	date on which any Placement Notice is delivered by the Company hereunder and ending on
	the fifth (5th) Business Day immediately following the final Settlement Date with respect
	to Placement Shares sold pursuant to such Placement Notice. The foregoing sentence shall
	not apply to (i) Common Shares, options to purchase Common Shares or Common Shares issuable
	upon the exercise of options, restricted share awards, restricted share unit awards,
	Common Shares issuable upon vesting of restricted share unit awards, or other equity
	awards or Common Shares issuable upon exercise or vesting of equity awards, pursuant
	to any employee or director (x) equity award or benefits plan or otherwise approved by
	the Company’s Board of Directors, (y) share ownership or share purchase plan or
	(z) dividend reinvestment plan (but not shares subject to a waiver to exceed plan limits
	in its dividend reinvestment plan) of the Company whether now in effect or hereafter
	implemented, and (ii) Common Shares issuable upon conversion of securities or the exercise
	of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding on the date hereof.










	(l)





	Change
	of Circumstances

	. The Company will, at any time a Placement Notice is outstanding,
	advise Canaccord immediately after it shall have received notice or obtained knowledge
	thereof, of any information or fact that would alter or affect any opinion, certificate,
	letter or other document provided to Canaccord in connection with such Placement Notice;
	and without the prior written consent of Canaccord (which consent shall not be unreasonably
	withheld), the Company will not directly or indirectly in any other “at the market”
	or continuous equity transaction offer to sell, sell, contract to sell, grant any option
	to sell or otherwise dispose of any Common Shares (other than the Placement Shares offered
	pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) or securities convertible into or exchangeable
	for Common Shares, warrants or any rights to purchase or acquire, Common Shares prior
	to the later of the termination of this Agreement and the tenth (10th) day immediately
	following the final Settlement Date with respect to Placement Shares sold pursuant to
	such Placement Notice; provided, however, that such restrictions will not be applicable
	to the Company’s issuance or sale of (i) Common Shares, options to purchase Common
	Shares or Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of options, restricted share awards,
	restricted share unit awards, Common Shares issuable upon vesting of restricted share
	unit awards, or other equity awards or Common Shares issuable upon exercise or vesting
	of equity awards, pursuant to any employee or director (x) equity award or benefits plan
	or otherwise approved by the Company’s Board of Directors, (y) share ownership
	or share purchase plan or (z) dividend reinvestment plan (but not shares subject to a
	waiver to exceed plan limits in its dividend reinvestment plan) of the Company whether
	now in effect or hereafter implemented, and (ii) Common Shares issuable upon conversion
	of securities or the exercise of warrants, options or other rights in effect or outstanding
	on the date hereof.









	 


	-

	22

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(m)





	Due
	Diligence Cooperation

	. The Company will cooperate with any reasonable due diligence
	review conducted by Canaccord or its agents, including, without limitation, providing
	information and making available documents and the Company’s senior corporate officers,
	as Canaccord may reasonably request; provided, however, that the Company shall be required
	to make available senior corporate officers only (i) by telephone or at the Company’s
	principal offices and (ii) during the Company’s ordinary business hours.










	(n)





	Affirmation
	of Representations, Warranties, Covenants and Other Agreements

	. Upon commencement
	of the offering of the Placement Shares under this Agreement (and upon the recommencement
	of the offering of the Placement Shares under this Agreement following any termination
	of a suspension of sales hereunder), and at each Applicable Time, the Company shall be
	deemed to have affirmed each representation, warranty, covenant and other agreement contained
	in this Agreement.










	(o)





	Required
	Filings Relating to Placement of Placement Shares

	. In each Annual Report on Form
	10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed by the Company in respect of any quarter
	in which sales of Placement Shares were made by Canaccord under this Agreement (each
	date on which any such document is filed, and any date on which an amendment to any such
	document is filed, a “

	Company Periodic Report Date

	”), the Company
	shall set forth with regard to such quarter the number of Shares sold through the Canaccord
	under this Agreement, the Net Proceeds received by the Company and the compensation paid
	by the Company to Canaccord with respect to sales of Placement Shares pursuant to this
	Agreement.









	 


	-

	23

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(p)





	Representation
	Dates; Certificate

	. During the term of this Agreement, on the date of each Placement
	Notice given hereunder, promptly upon each request of Canaccord, and each time the Company
	(i) files the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares or amends or supplements the
	Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating to the Placement Shares by means of
	a post-effective amendment, sticker, or supplement but not by means of incorporation
	of document(s) by reference to the Registration Statement or the Prospectus relating
	to the Placement Shares; (ii) files an annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange
	Act; (iii) files its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act; or (iv) files
	a report on Form 8-K containing amended financial information (other than an earnings
	release, to “furnish” information pursuant to Items 2.02 or 7.01 of Form
	8-K or to provide disclosure pursuant to Item 8.01 of Form 8-K relating to the reclassifications
	of certain properties as discontinued operations in accordance with Statement of Financial
	Accounting Standards No. 144) under the Exchange Act (each date of filing of one or more
	of the documents referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) shall be a “

	Representation
	Date

	”); the Company shall furnish Canaccord with a certificate, in the form
	attached hereto as

	Exhibit A

	. The requirement to provide a certificate under this

	Section 7(p)

	shall be waived for any Representation Date occurring at a time at
	which no Placement Notice is pending, which waiver shall continue until the earlier to
	occur of the date the Company delivers a Placement Notice hereunder (which for such calendar
	quarter shall be considered a Representation Date) and the next occurring Representation
	Date following the delivery of such Placement Notice; provided, however, that such waiver
	shall not apply for any Representation Date on which the Company files its annual report
	on Form 10-K.





	 


	 


	 




	 


	 



	Notwithstanding
	the foregoing, if the Company subsequently decides to sell Placement Shares following a Representation Date when the Company relied
	on such waiver and did not provide Canaccord with a certificate under this

	Section 7(p)

	, then before the Company delivers
	the Placement Notice or Canaccord sells any Placement Shares, the Company shall provide Canaccord with a certificate, in the form
	attached hereto as

	Exhibit A

	, dated the date of the Placement Notice.












	(q)





	Legal
	Opinions

	. Upon effectiveness of the Registration Statement, upon the recommencement
	of the offering of Placement Shares under this Agreement following any termination of
	a suspension of sales hereunder, and within three (3) trading days of each Representation
	Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form
	attached hereto as

	Exhibit A

	for which no waiver is applicable, the Company will
	furnish or cause to be furnished to Canaccord and to counsel to Canaccord (i) the written
	opinion and negative assurance letters of Mitchell, Silberberg & Knupp LLP, US counsel
	to the Company, and (ii) the written opinion of Borden Ladner Gervais LLP, Canadian counsel
	to the Company, each dated the date the opinions or letter are required to be delivered,
	as the case may be, in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Canaccord and
	its counsel, or, in lieu of such opinions and letter, counsel last furnishing such opinions
	and letter to Canaccord shall furnish Canaccord with a letter substantially to the effect
	that Canaccord may rely on such last opinions and letter to the same extent as though
	each were dated the date of such letter authorizing reliance (except that statements
	in such last opinions and letter shall be deemed to relate to the Registration Statement
	and the Prospectus as amended and supplemented to the time of delivery of such letter
	authorizing reliance). Upon effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the Company
	will furnish or cause to be furnished to Canaccord and to counsel to Canaccord the written
	opinion of Choate, Hall & Stewart LLP, U.S. intellectual property counsel for the
	Company, dated the date of this Agreement in a form and substance reasonably satisfactory
	to Canaccord and its counsel.









	 


	-

	24

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(r)





	Comfort
	Letters

	. Upon effectiveness of the Registration Statement, upon the recommencement
	of the offering of the Placement Shares under this Agreement following any termination
	of a suspension of sales hereunder, and within three (3) trading days of each Representation
	Date with respect to which the Company is obligated to deliver a certificate in the form
	attached hereto as

	Exhibit A

	for which no waiver is applicable, the Company shall
	cause its independent accountants reasonably satisfactory to Canaccord, to furnish Canaccord
	letters dated the date of effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the date of
	such recommencement or the date of such Representation Date (but in the case of clauses
	(i) and (iv) of Section 7(p) above, only if Canaccord reasonably determines that the
	information contained in such filings with the Commission contains a material change
	in the financial disclosure of the Company), as the case may be (the “

	Comfort
	Letters

	”), in form and substance satisfactory to Canaccord, (i) confirming
	that they are registered independent public accountants within the meaning of the Securities
	Act and are in compliance with the applicable requirements relating to the qualification
	of accountants under Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X of the Commission, (ii) stating, as
	of such date, the conclusions and findings of such firm with respect to the financial
	information and other matters included in or incorporated by reference in the Registration
	Statement as ordinarily covered by accountants’ “comfort letters” to
	underwriters in connection with registered public offerings (the first such letters,
	the “

	Initial Comfort Letters

	”) and (iii) updating the Initial Comfort
	Letters with any information which would have been included in the Initial Comfort Letters
	had it been given on such date and modified as necessary to relate to the Registration
	Statement and the Prospectus, as amended and supplemented to the date of such letters.










	(s)





	Market
	Activities

	. The Company will not, directly or indirectly, (i) take any action designed
	to cause or result in, or that constitutes or might reasonably be expected to constitute,
	the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate
	the sale or resale of the Shares or (ii) sell, bid for, or purchase the Shares, or pay
	anyone any compensation for soliciting purchases of the Shares other than Canaccord.









	 


	-

	25

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(t)





	Insurance

	.
	The Company and its Subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, insurance
	in such amounts and covering such risks as is reasonable and customary for companies
	engaged in similar businesses in similar industries.










	(u)





	Compliance
	with Laws

	. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall comply with all applicable federal,
	state and local or foreign law, rule, regulation, ordinance, order or decree, except
	where failure to so comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
	Effect. Furthermore, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall maintain, or cause to be
	maintained, all material environmental permits, licenses and other authorizations required
	by federal, state and local law in order to conduct their businesses as described in
	the Prospectus, and the Company and its Subsidiaries shall conduct their businesses,
	or cause their businesses to be conducted, in substantial compliance with such permits,
	licenses and authorizations and with applicable environmental laws, except where the
	failure to maintain or be in compliance with such permits, licenses and authorizations
	would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.










	(v)





	Investment
	Company Act

	. The Company will conduct its affairs in such a manner so as to reasonably
	ensure that neither it nor the Subsidiaries will be or become, at any time prior to the
	termination of this Agreement, an “investment company,” as such term is defined
	in the Investment Company Act, assuming no change in the Commission’s current interpretation
	as to entities that are not considered an investment company.










	(w)





	Securities
	Act and Exchange Act

	. The Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply
	with all requirements imposed upon it by the Securities Act and the Exchange Act as from
	time to time in force, so far as necessary to permit the continuance of sales of, or
	dealings in, the Shares as contemplated by the provisions hereof and the Prospectus.










	(x)





	No
	Offer to Sell

	. Other than a free writing prospectus (as defined in Rule 405 under
	the Securities Act) approved in advance by the Company and Canaccord in its capacity
	as principal or agent hereunder, neither Canaccord nor the Company (including its agents
	and representatives, other than Canaccord in its capacity as such) will make, use, prepare,
	authorize, approve or refer to any written communication (as defined in Rule 405 under
	the Securities Act), required to be filed by it with the Commission, that constitutes
	an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy Common Shares hereunder.










	(y)





	Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act

	. The Company and the Subsidiaries will use their commercially reasonable efforts
	to comply with all effective applicable provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.










	(z)





	Consent
	to Canaccord Trading

	. The Company consents to Canaccord trading in the Common Shares
	of the Company for Canaccord’s own account and for the account of its clients at
	the same time as sales of Placement Shares occur pursuant to this Agreement.









	 


	-

	26

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(aa)





	Rescission
	Offers

	. If, to the knowledge of the Company, all filings required by Rule 424 in
	connection with this offering shall not have been made or the representation in

	Section
	6

	shall not be true and correct on the applicable Settlement Date, the Company will
	offer to any person who has agreed to purchase Placement Shares from the Company as the
	result of an offer to purchase solicited by Canaccord the right to refuse to purchase
	and pay for such Placement Shares.










	(bb)





	Actively
	Traded Security

	. If, at the time of execution of this Agreement, the Company’s
	Common Shares is not an “actively traded security” exempted from the requirements
	of Rule 101 of Regulation M under the Exchange Act by subsection (c)(1) of such rule,
	the Company shall notify Canaccord at the time the Common Shares become an “actively
	traded security” under such rule. Furthermore, the Company shall notify Canaccord
	immediately if the Common Shares, having once qualified for such exemption, cease to
	so qualify.






	8.       

	Additional
	Representations and Covenants of the Company.





	 








	(a)





	Issuer
	Free Writing Prospectuses.











	(i)




	The
	Company represents that it has not made, and covenants that, unless it obtains the prior
	written consent of Canaccord, it will not make any offer relating to the Shares that
	would constitute an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus required to be filed by it with the
	Commission or retained by the Company under Rule 433 of the Securities Act; except as
	set forth in a Placement Notice, no use of any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus has been
	consented to by Canaccord. The Company agrees that it will comply with the requirements
	of Rules 164 and 433 of the Securities Act applicable to any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus,
	including timely filing with the Commission or retention where required and legending.










	(ii)




	The
	Company agrees that no Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, will include any information
	that conflicts with the information contained in the Registration Statement, including
	any document incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified,
	or the Prospectus. In addition, no Issuer Free Writing Prospectus, if any, will include
	an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
	make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made,
	not misleading; provided however, the foregoing shall not apply to any statements or
	omissions in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance on information furnished
	in writing to the Company by Canaccord intended for use therein.










	(iii)




	The
	Company agrees that if at any time following issuance of an Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
	any event occurred or occurs as a result of which such Issuer Free Writing Prospectus
	would conflict with the information in the Registration Statement, including any document
	incorporated by reference therein that has not been superseded or modified, or the Prospectus
	or would include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
	necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
	were made, not misleading, the Company will give prompt notice thereof to Canaccord and,
	if requested by Canaccord, will prepare and furnish without charge to Canaccord an Issuer
	Free Writing Prospectus or other document which will correct such conflict, statement
	or omission; provided, however, the foregoing shall not apply to any statements or omissions
	in any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus made in reliance on information furnished in writing
	to the Company by Canaccord intended for use therein.









	 


	-

	27

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(b)





	Non-Issuer
	Free Writing Prospectus

	. The Company consents to the use by Canaccord of a free writing
	prospectus that (a) is not an “Issuer Free Writing Prospectus” as defined
	in Rule 433 under the Securities Act, and (b) contains only information describing the
	preliminary terms of the Shares or their offering, or information permitted under Rule
	134 under the Securities Act; provided that Canaccord covenants with the Company not
	to take any action that would result in the Company being required to file with the Commission
	under Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on
	behalf of Canaccord that otherwise would not be required to be filed by the Company thereunder,
	but for the action of Canaccord and the Company shall have consented to the form and
	substance of such free writing prospectus prior to its use by Canaccord.










	(c)





	Distribution
	of Offering Materials

	. The Company has not distributed and will not distribute, during
	the term of this Agreement, any offering materials in connection with the offering and
	sale of the Placement Shares other than the Registration Statement, Prospectus or any
	Issuer Free Writing Prospectus reviewed and consented to by Canaccord and included in
	a Placement Notice (as described in clause (a)(i) above).






	9.       

	Conditions
	to Canaccord’s Obligations

	. The obligations of Canaccord hereunder with respect to a Placement will be subject to the
	continuing accuracy and completeness of the representations and warranties made by the Company herein and in the applicable Placement
	Notices, to the due performance by the Company of its obligations hereunder, to the completion by Canaccord of a due diligence
	review satisfactory to Canaccord in its reasonable judgment, and to the continuing satisfaction (or waiver by Canaccord in its
	sole discretion) of the following additional conditions:




	 








	(a)





	Registration
	Statement Effective

	. The Registration Statement shall have become effective and shall
	be available for the sale of (i) all Placement Shares issued pursuant to all prior Placements
	and not yet sold by Canaccord and (ii) all Placement Shares contemplated to be issued
	by the Placement Notice relating to such Placement.









	 


	-

	28

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(b)





	No
	Material Notices

	. None of the following events shall have occurred and be continuing:
	(i) receipt by the Company of any request for additional information from the Commission
	or any other federal or state or foreign or other governmental, administrative or self-regulatory
	authority during the period of effectiveness of the Registration Statement, the response
	to which might reasonably require any amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement
	or the Prospectus; (ii) the issuance by the Commission or any other federal or state
	or foreign or other governmental authority of any stop order suspending the effectiveness
	of the Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose;
	(iii) receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the
	qualification or exemption from qualification of any of the Shares for sale in any jurisdiction
	or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; (iv) the occurrence
	of any event that makes any statement made in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus
	or any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated therein by reference untrue
	in any material respect or that requires the making of any changes in the Registration
	Statement, related prospectus or documents so that, in the case of the Registration Statement,
	it will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
	fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading,
	and in the case of the Prospectus, it will not contain any untrue statement of a material
	fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to
	make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were
	made, not misleading; and (v) the Company’s reasonable determination that a post-effective
	amendment to the Registration Statement would be appropriate.










	(c)





	No
	Misstatement or Material Omission

	. Canaccord shall not have advised the Company that
	the Registration Statement or Prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, contains
	an untrue statement of fact that in Canaccord’s opinion is material, or omits to
	state a fact that in Canaccord’s opinion is material and is required to be stated
	therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.










	(d)





	Material
	Changes

	. Except as contemplated and appropriately disclosed in the Prospectus, or
	disclosed in the Company’s reports filed with the Commission, in each case at the
	time the applicable Placement Notice is delivered, there shall not have been any material
	change, on a consolidated basis, in the authorized capital shares of the Company and
	its Subsidiaries, or any Material Adverse Effect, or any development that may reasonably
	be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect, or a downgrading in or withdrawal of
	the rating assigned to any of the Company’s securities by any rating organization
	or a public announcement by any rating organization that it has under surveillance or
	review its rating of any of the Company’s securities, the effect of which, in the
	sole judgment of Canaccord (without relieving the Company of any obligation or liability
	it may otherwise have), is so material as to make it impracticable or inadvisable to
	proceed with the offering of the Placement Shares on the terms and in the manner contemplated
	in the Prospectus.









	 


	-

	29

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(e)





	Certificate

	.
	Canaccord shall have received the certificate required to be delivered pursuant to

	Section
	7(p)

	on or before the date on which delivery of such certificate is required pursuant
	to

	Section 7(p)

	.










	(f)





	Legal
	Opinions

	. Canaccord shall have received the opinions and letters of counsel to the
	Company required to be delivered pursuant

	Section 7(q)

	on or before the date on
	which such delivery of such opinions and letters are required pursuant to

	Section
	7(q)

	. In addition, Canaccord shall have received a negative assurance letter of Goodwin
	Procter LLP, counsel to Canaccord, on such dates and with respect to such matters as
	Canaccord may reasonably request.










	(g)





	Comfort
	Letters

	. Canaccord shall have received the Comfort Letters required to be delivered
	pursuant

	Section 7(r)

	on or before the date on which such delivery of such letters
	are required pursuant to

	Section 7(r)

	.










	(h)





	Approval
	for Listing; No Suspension

	. The Placement Shares shall have either been (i) approved
	for listing, subject to notice of issuance, on each of the Principal Trading Markets,
	or (ii) the Company shall have filed an application for listing of the Placement Shares
	on each of the Principal Trading Markets at or prior to the issuance of the Placement
	Notice. Trading in the Common Shares shall not have been suspended on either such market.










	(i)





	Other
	Materials

	. On each date on which the Company is required to deliver a certificate
	pursuant to

	Section 7(p)

	, the Company shall have furnished to Canaccord such appropriate
	further information, certificates, opinions and documents as Canaccord may reasonably
	request. All such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents will be in compliance
	with the provisions hereof. The Company will furnish Canaccord with such conformed copies
	of such opinions, certificates, letters and other documents as Canaccord shall reasonably
	request.










	(j)





	Securities
	Act Filings Made

	. All filings with the Commission required by Rule 424 under the
	Securities Act to have been filed prior to the issuance of any Placement Notice hereunder
	shall have been made within the applicable time period prescribed for such filing by
	Rule 424.










	(k)





	No
	Termination Event

	. There shall not have occurred any event that would permit Canaccord
	to terminate this Agreement pursuant to

	Section 12(a)

	.






	10.       

	Indemnification
	and Contribution.





	 








	(a)





	Company
	Indemnification

	. The Company will indemnify and hold harmless Canaccord and each
	person, if any, who controls Canaccord against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities,
	joint or several, to which Canaccord or controlling person may become subject, under
	the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities
	(or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or
	alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement,
	the Prospectus, the Disclosure Package, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any
	“issuer information” filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d)
	under the Securities Act, or any amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement,
	the Prospectus or the Disclosure Package, or in any application or other document executed
	by or on behalf of the Company or based on written information furnished by or on behalf
	of the Company filed in any jurisdiction in order to qualify the Placement Shares under
	the securities laws thereof or filed with the Commission, or arise out of or are based
	upon the omission or alleged omission to state in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus,
	the Disclosure Package, or any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any “issuer information”
	filed or required to be filed pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act, or any
	amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, or the Disclosure
	Package or in any application or other document executed by or on behalf of the Company
	or based on written information furnished by or on behalf of the Company filed in any
	jurisdiction in order to qualify the Placement Shares under the securities laws thereof
	or filed with the Commission a material fact required to be stated in it or necessary
	to make the statements in it not misleading, and will reimburse Canaccord for any reasonable
	legal expenses of counsel for Canaccord and one set of local counsel in each applicable
	jurisdiction for Canaccord, and for other expenses reasonably incurred by Canaccord in
	connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim as such expenses
	are incurred; provided, however, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case
	to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is based
	upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission
	made in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Disclosure Package, or any
	such amendment or supplement thereto, in reliance upon and in conformity with written
	information furnished to the Company by and through Canaccord expressly for use therein.









	 


	-

	30

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(b)





	Canaccord
	Indemnification

	. Canaccord will indemnify and hold harmless the Company against any
	losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Company may become subject, under
	the Securities Act or otherwise, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities
	(or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or
	alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement (or
	any amendments thereto), the Prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto), the
	Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any non-Issuer Free Writing
	Prospectus used pursuant to

	Section 8(b)

	, or arise out of or are based upon the
	omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact, in the case of the Registration
	Statement or any amendment thereto, required to be stated therein or necessary to make
	the statements therein not misleading and, in the case of the Prospectus or any supplement
	thereto, the Disclosure Package, the Issuer Free Writing Prospectus or any non-Issuer
	Free Writing Prospectus, necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances
	in which they were made, not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the
	extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged
	omission was made in the Registration Statement (or any amendments thereto), the Prospectus
	(or any amendment or supplement thereto), the Disclosure Package, any Issuer Free Writing
	Prospectus, or any non-Issuer Free Writing Prospectus in reliance upon and in conformity
	with written information furnished to the Company by and through Canaccord expressly
	for use therein; and will reimburse the Company for any legal or other expenses reasonably
	incurred by the Company in connection with investigating or defending any such action
	or claim as such expenses are incurred.










	(c)





	Procedure

	.
	Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice
	of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect
	thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, promptly
	notify such indemnifying party in writing of the institution of such action and such
	indemnifying party shall assume the defense of such action, including the employment
	of counsel reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party and payment of all fees
	and expenses; provided, however, that the failure to so notify such indemnifying party
	shall not relieve such indemnifying party from any liability which such indemnifying
	party may have to any indemnified party or otherwise. (The indemnified party or parties
	shall have the right to employ its or their own counsel in any such case, but the fees
	and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party or parties
	unless the employment of such counsel shall have been authorized in writing by the indemnifying
	party in connection with the defense of such action or the indemnifying party shall not
	have, within a reasonable period of time in light of the circumstances, employed counsel
	to defend such action or such indemnified party or parties shall have reasonably concluded
	that there may be defenses available to it or them which are different from, additional
	to or in conflict with those available to such indemnifying party (in which case such
	indemnifying party shall not have the right to direct the defense of such action on behalf
	of the indemnified party or parties), in any of which events such fees and expenses shall
	be borne by such indemnifying party and paid as incurred (it being understood, however,
	that such indemnifying party shall not be liable to the expenses of more than one separate
	counsel (in addition to any local counsel) in any one action or series of related actions
	in the same jurisdiction representing the indemnified parties who are parties to such
	action). No indemnifying party shall, without the written consent of the indemnified
	party, effect the settlement or compromise of, or consent to the entry of any judgment
	with respect to, any pending or threatened action or claim in respect of which indemnification
	or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified party is an actual
	or potential party to such action or claim) unless such settlement, compromise or judgment
	(i) includes an unconditional release of the indemnified party from all liability arising
	out of such action or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission
	of fault, culpability or a failure to act, by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
	No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action or claim affected
	without its written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.









	 


	-

	31

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(d)





	Contribution

	.
	If the indemnification provided for in this

	Section 10

	is unavailable to or insufficient
	to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above in respect of
	any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) referred to
	therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable
	by such indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities
	(or actions in respect thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative
	benefits received by the Company on the one hand and Canaccord on the other from the
	offering of the Placement Shares. If, however, the allocation provided by the immediately
	preceding sentence is not permitted by applicable law or if the indemnified party failed
	to give the notice required under subsection (c) above, then each indemnifying party
	shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by such indemnified party in such proportion
	as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault
	of the Company on the one hand and Canaccord on the other in connection with the statements
	or omissions which resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions
	in respect thereof), as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative
	benefits received by the Company on the one hand and Canaccord on the other shall be
	deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering (before
	deducting expenses) received by the Company, bear to the total underwriting discounts,
	commissions and other fees received by Canaccord. The relative fault shall be determined
	by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged statement of a material
	fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information
	supplied by the Company on the one hand or Canaccord on the other and the parties’
	relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent
	such statement or omission. The Company and Canaccord agree that it would not be just
	and equitable if contributions pursuant to this subsection (d) were determined by pro
	rata allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the
	equitable considerations referred to above in this subsection (d). The amount paid or
	payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages or liabilities
	(or actions in respect thereof) referred to above in this subsection (d) shall be deemed
	to include any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party
	in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding
	the provisions of this subsection (d), Canaccord shall not be required to contribute
	any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Placement Shares
	distributed to the public by it were offered to the public exceeds the amount of any
	damages which Canaccord has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or
	alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent
	misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be
	entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.










	(e)





	Obligations

	.
	The obligations of the Company under this

	Section 10

	shall be in addition to any
	liability which the Company may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms
	and conditions, to each person, if any, who controls Canaccord within the meaning of
	the Securities Act; and the obligations of Canaccord under this

	Section 10

	shall
	be in addition to any liability which Canaccord may otherwise have and shall extend,
	upon the same terms and conditions, to each officer and director of the Company and to
	each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act.









	 


	-

	32

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 




	11.       

	Representations
	and Agreements to Survive Delivery

	. All representations and warranties of the Company herein or in certificates delivered
	pursuant hereto shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any investigation made by or on behalf of
	Canaccord, any controlling persons, or the Company (or any of their respective officers, directors or controlling persons), (ii)
	delivery and acceptance of the Placement Shares and payment therefor or (iii) any termination of this Agreement.




	 




	12.       

	Termination.





	 








	(a)




	Canaccord
	shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time by giving notice as hereinafter
	specified if (i) any Material Adverse Effect has occurred, or any development that is
	reasonably expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect has occurred or any other event
	has occurred which, in the sole judgment of Canaccord, may materially impair Canaccord’s
	ability to proceed with the offering to sell the Shares, (ii) the Company shall have
	failed, refused or been unable, at or prior to any Settlement Date, to perform any agreement
	on its part to be performed hereunder, (iii) any other condition of Canaccord’s
	obligations hereunder is not fulfilled, or (iv) any suspension or limitation of trading
	in the Common Shares of the Company on either of the Principal Trading Markets shall
	have occurred. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other
	party except that the provisions of

	Section 7(j)

	(Expenses),

	Section 10

	(Indemnification),

	Section 11

	(Survival of Representations),

	Section 12(f)

	(Termination),

	Section 17

	(Applicable Law; Consent to Jurisdiction) and

	Section
	18

	(Waiver of Jury Trial) hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding
	such termination. If Canaccord elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this

	Section 12(a)

	, Canaccord shall provide the required notice as specified in

	Section
	13

	(Notices).










	(b)




	The
	Company shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at any
	time by giving ten (10) days’ notice as hereinafter specified. Any such termination
	shall be without liability of any party to any other party except that the provisions
	of

	Section 7(j)

	,

	Section 10

	,

	Section 11

	,

	Section 12(f)

	,

	Section
	17

	and

	Section 18

	hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding
	such termination.










	(c)




	In
	addition to, and without limiting Canaccord’s rights under

	Section 12(a)

	,
	Canaccord shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion at
	any time after the date of this Agreement by giving ten (10) days’ notice as hereinafter
	specified. Any such termination shall be without liability of any party to any other
	party except that the provisions of

	Section 7(j)

	,

	Section 10

	,

	Section
	11

	,

	Section 12(f)

	,

	Section 17

	and

	Section 18

	hereof shall remain
	in full force and effect notwithstanding such termination.









	 


	-

	33

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 








	(d)




	This
	Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless terminated pursuant to

	Sections
	12(a)

	,

	12(b)

	or

	12(c)

	above or otherwise by mutual agreement of the
	parties; provided that any such termination by mutual agreement shall in all cases be
	deemed to provide that

	Section 7(j)

	,

	Section 10

	,

	Section 11

	,

	Section
	12(f)

	,

	Section 17

	and

	Section 18

	shall remain in full force and effect.










	(e)




	Any
	termination of this Agreement shall be effective on the date specified in such notice
	of termination; provided that such termination shall not be effective until the close
	of business on the date of receipt of such notice by Canaccord or the Company, as the
	case may be. If such termination shall occur prior to the Settlement Date for any sale
	of Placement Shares, such Placement Shares shall settle in accordance with the provisions
	of this Agreement.










	(f)




	In
	the event that the Company terminates this Agreement, as permitted under

	Section 12(b)

	,
	the Company shall be under no continuing obligation pursuant to this Agreement to utilize
	the services of Canaccord in connection with any sale of securities of the Company or
	to pay any compensation to Canaccord other than compensation with respect to sales of
	Placement Shares subscribed on or before the termination date and the Company shall be
	free to engage other placement agents and underwriters from and after the termination
	date with no continuing obligation to Canaccord.






	13.       

	Notices

	.
	All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given by any party to any other party pursuant to the terms of
	this Agreement shall be in writing and if sent to Canaccord, shall be delivered to:




	 




	Canaccord
	Genuity Inc.




	99
	High Street, Suite 1200




	Boston,
	Massachusetts 02110




	Attention:
	ECM, General Counsel




	E-mail:
	jpardi@canaccordgenuity.com; aviles@canaccordgenuity.com




	 




	With
	a copy to:




	 




	Goodwin
	Procter LLP	




	The
	New York Times Building




	620
	Eighth Avenue




	New
	York, NY 10018




	Attention:
	Thomas S. Levato, Esq.




	E-mail:
	TLevato@goodwinlaw.com




	 




		or
	if sent to the Company, shall be delivered to:




	 




	VBI
	Vaccines Inc.




	222
	Third Street, Suite 2241

	Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142




	Attention:
	Chief Financial Officer




	E-mail:
	ENascimento@vbivaccines.com




	 







	 


	-

	34

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 




	With
	a copy to:




	 




	Mitchell,
	Silberberg & Knupp LLP




	11377
	W. Olympic Blvd.

	Los Angeles, California 90064

	Attention: Kevin Friedmann, Esq.




	E-mail:
	kxf@msk.com




	 




	Borden
	Ladner Gervais LLP




	1200
	Waterfront Centre




	200
	Burrard Street




	P.O.
	Box 48600




	Vancouver
	BC V7X 1T2




	Canada




	Attention:
	Graeme Martindale




	E-mail:
	GMartindale@blg.com




	 




	Each
	party to this Agreement may change such address for notices by sending to the other party to this Agreement written notice of
	a new address for such purpose. Each such notice or other communication shall be deemed given (i) when delivered personally or
	by verifiable facsimile transmission (with an original to follow) on or before 4:30 p.m., eastern time, on a Business Day or,
	if such day is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day, (ii) on the next Business Day after timely delivery to
	a nationally-recognized overnight courier, (iii) on the Business Day actually received if deposited in the U.S. mail (certified
	or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid), and (iv) if sent by email, on the Business Day on which receipt
	is confirmed by the individual to whom the notice is sent, other than via auto-reply. For purposes of this Agreement, “

	Business
	Day

	” shall mean any day on which commercial banks in the cities of New York and Vancouver are open for business.




	 




	14.       

	Successors
	and Assigns

	. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Company and Canaccord and their respective
	successors and the affiliates, controlling persons, officers and directors referred to in

	Section 10

	hereof. References
	to any of either of the parties contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the successors and permitted assigns of
	such party. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties hereto
	or their respective successors and permitted assigns any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this
	Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement
	without the prior written consent of the other party, provided, however, that Canaccord may assign its rights and obligations
	hereunder to an affiliate of Canaccord without obtaining the Company’s consent.




	 




	15.       

	Adjustments
	for Share Splits

	. The parties acknowledge and agree that all share-related numbers contained in this Agreement shall be adjusted
	to take into account any share split, share dividend or similar event effected with respect to the Shares.




	 







	 


	-

	35

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 




	16.       

	Entire
	Agreement; Amendment; Severability

	. This Agreement (including all schedules and exhibits attached hereto and Placement Notices
	issued pursuant hereto) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all other prior and contemporaneous agreements and undertakings,
	both written and oral, among the parties hereto with regard to the subject matter hereof except for the Nondisclosure Agreement
	dated May 2, 2017. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended except pursuant to a written instrument executed
	by the Company and Canaccord. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof
	in any circumstance, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision
	in every other respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected or impaired thereby.




	 




	17.       

	Applicable
	Law; Consent to Jurisdiction

	. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of
	the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the non-exclusive
	jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan, for the adjudication of any
	dispute hereunder or in connection with any transaction contemplated hereby, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
	assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that
	such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.
	Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action
	or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof (certified or registered mail, return receipt requested) to such party at the address
	in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of
	process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner
	permitted by law.




	 




	18.       

	Waiver
	of Jury Trial

	. The Company and Canaccord hereby irrevocably waive any right either may have to a trial by jury in respect
	of any claim based upon or arising out of this agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby.




	 




	19.       

	Absence
	of Fiduciary Duties

	. The parties acknowledge that they are sophisticated in business and financial matters and that each of
	them is solely responsible for making its own independent investigation and analysis of the transactions contemplated by this
	Agreement. They further acknowledge that Canaccord has not been engaged by the Company to provide, and has not provided, financial
	advisory services in connection with the terms of the offering and sale of the Shares nor has Canaccord assumed at any time a
	fiduciary relationship to the Company in connection with such offering and sale. The parties also acknowledge that the provisions
	of this Agreement fairly allocate the risks of the transactions contemplated hereby among them in light of their respective knowledge
	of the Company and their respective abilities to investigate its affairs and business in order to assure that full and adequate
	disclosure has been made in the Registration Statement and the Prospectus (and any amendments and supplements thereto). The Company
	hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any claims it may have against Canaccord for breach of fiduciary duty or
	alleged breach of fiduciary duty and agrees Canaccord shall have no liability (whether direct or indirect) to the Company in respect
	of such a fiduciary duty claim or to any person asserting a fiduciary duty claim on behalf of or in right of the Company, including
	shareholders, employees or creditors of Company.




	 




	20.       

	Counterparts

	.
	This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together
	shall constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed Agreement by one party to the other may be made by facsimile
	or email transmission.




	 







	 


	-

	36

	-


	 









	 




	 







	 




	If
	the foregoing accurately reflects your understanding and agreement with respect to the matters described herein please indicate
	your agreement by countersigning this Agreement in the space provided below.




	 






	 




	Very truly yours,






	 




	 




	 






	 





	VBI VACCINES INC.







	 




	 




	 






	’




	By:





	/s/
	Jeff Baxter







	 




	Name:




	Jeff
	Baxter






	 




	Title:




	CEO










	 






	 




	ACCEPTED






	 




	as of the date first-above written:






	 




	 




	 






	 





	CANACCORD GENUITY INC.







	 




	 




	 






	 




	By:





	/s/
	Jennifer Pardi







	 




	Name:




	Jennifer
	Pardi






	 




	Title:




	Senior
	Managing Director






	 





	[Signature
	page to Equity Distribution Agreement] 





	 







	 




	 









	 







	 








	SCHEDULE
	1






	 




	The
	Authorized Representatives of the Company are as follows:




	 






	Name
	and Office / Title



	 



	E-mail
	Address



	 



	Telephone
	Numbers



	 



	Fax
	Number







	Jeff
	Baxter,




	President
	& CEO




	 



	jbaxter@vbivaccines.com



	 




	Office:
	[REDACTED]




	Cell:
	[REDACTED]




	 



	888-391-2579





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Egidio
	Nascimento, CFO



	 



	enascimento@vbivaccines.com



	 




	Office:
	[REDACTED]




	Cell:
	[REDACTED]




	 



	888-391-2579





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Nell
	Beattie, Director, Corporate Development and IR



	 



	nbeattie@vbivaccines.com



	 




	Office:
	[REDACTED]




	Cell:
	[REDACTED]




	 



	888-391-2579







	 




	The
	Authorized Representatives of Canaccord are as follows:




	 








	Name
	and Office / Title



	 



	E-mail
	Address



	 



	Telephone
	Numbers



	 



	Fax
	Number






	Jennifer
	Pardi /

	Head of U.S. Equity Capital Markets



	 




	jpardi@canaccordgenuity.com




	 




	AND




	 




	USecm@canaccordgenuity.com




	 




	 




	Office:
	[REDACTED]




	Cell:
	[REDACTED]




	 



	N/A







	 







	 




	 









	 







	 






	EXHIBIT
	A






	 





	OFFICER’S
	CERTIFICATE





	 




	I,


	[name of executive officer]


	, the


	[title of executive officer]


	of VBI Vaccines Inc., a company incorporated
	under the

	Business Corporations Act

	(British Columbia)(the “

	Company

	”), do hereby certify in such capacity
	and on behalf of the Company pursuant to Section 7(p) of the Equity Distribution Agreement dated May 15, 2017 (the “

	Distribution
	Agreement

	”) between the Company and Canaccord Genuity Inc., to the best of my knowledge that:




	 




	(i)       The
	representations and warranties of the Company in Section 6 of the Distribution Agreement (A) to the extent such representations
	and warranties are subject to qualifications and exceptions contained therein relating to materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
	are true and correct on and as of the date hereof with the same force and effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof,
	except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as of a specific date and which were true and correct as of
	such date, and (B) to the extent such representations and warranties are not subject to any qualifications or exceptions, are
	true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof as if made on and as of the date hereof with the same force and
	effect as if expressly made on and as of the date hereof except for those representations and warranties that speak solely as
	of a specific date and which were true and correct as of such date; and




	 




	(ii)       The
	Company has complied with all agreements and satisfied all conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied pursuant to the
	Distribution Agreement at or prior to the date hereof.




	 






	Date:




	________________




	By:




	 






	 




	 




	Name:




	 






	 




	 




	Title:




	 






	 







	 




	 









	 







	 




	 












	 










	 











	Borden Ladner Gervais LLP




	1200 Waterfront Centre




	200 Burrard St, P.O. Box 48600




	Vancouver, BC, Canada V7X 1T2




	T
	604.687.5744




	F
	604.687.1415




	blg.com





	 





	 




	May
	15, 2017




	 




	VBI
	Vaccines Inc.




	222
	Third Street




	Suite 2241




	Cambridge, MA




	02142




	 





	Re:
	Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the “Registration Statement”)





	 




	We
	have acted as British Columbia counsel to VBI Vaccines Inc., a British Columbia corporation (the “Company”), with
	respect to certain legal matters in connection with the registration by the Company, under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as
	amended (the “Securities Act”), of the offer and sale by the Company from time to time of common shares, without par
	value (“Common Shares”), warrants to purchase Common Shares (“Warrants”), subscription rights for Common
	Shares, Warrants or any combination thereof (“Subscription Rights”), or any combination thereof (“Units”),
	(collectively, the Common Shares, Warrants, Subscription Rights, and Units are referred to as the “Securities”). The
	aggregate offering prices of the Securities that may be offered and sold by the Company pursuant to the Registration Statement
	to which this opinion is an exhibit will not exceed U.S.$150 million. The Securities will be offered in amounts, at prices and
	on terms to be determined in light of market conditions at the time of sale and to be set forth in supplements (each a “Prospectus
	Supplement”) to the prospectus contained in the Registration Statement.




	 




	We
	also have acted as British Columbia counsel to the Company in connection with the sale through Canaccord Genuity Inc. as the sales
	agent (the “Sales Agent”) from time to time by the Company of Common Shares (the “Distribution Agreement Shares”)
	having an aggregate offering price of up to U.S.$30,000,000 pursuant to the Registration Statement and the related prospectus
	supplement for the sale of the Distribution Agreement Shares included in the Registration Statement (the Registration Statement
	and such prospectus supplement, collectively, the “Distribution Agreement Prospectus”), and that certain Equity Distribution
	Agreement dated as of May 15, 2017 between the Sales Agent and the Company (the “Distribution Agreement”).




	 




	We
	have examined such documents and have reviewed such questions of law as we have considered necessary and appropriate for the purposes
	of our opinions set forth below. In rendering our opinions set forth below, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents
	submitted to us as originals, the genuineness of all signatures and the conformity to authentic originals of all documents submitted
	to us as copies or facsimile transmissions. We have also assumed the legal capacity for all purposes relevant hereto of all natural
	persons and, with respect to all parties to agreements or instruments relevant hereto other than the Company, that such parties
	had the requisite power and authority (corporate or otherwise) to execute, deliver and perform such agreements or instruments,
	that such agreements or instruments have been duly authorized by all requisite action (corporate or otherwise), executed and delivered
	by such parties and that such agreements or instruments are the legal, valid, binding and enforceable obligations of such parties.
	As to questions of fact material to our opinions, we have relied upon certificates of officers of the Company and of public officials.
	We have not undertaken any independent investigation to verify the accuracy or completeness of any of the foregoing assumptions.




	 







	 









	 







	 




	We
	have also assumed that the Distribution Agreement Shares will be duly registered on the books of the registrar and transfer agent
	therefor in the name or on behalf of the purchasers, have been issued by the Company against payment therefor in the circumstances
	contemplated by the Distribution Agreement and, if applicable, the Company will comply with all applicable notice requirements
	regarding uncertificated shares provided in the Delaware General Corporation Law and upon the issuance of any of the Distribution
	Agreement Shares.




	 




	For
	purposes of this opinion letter, we have also assumed that (a) the Registration Statement, and any amendments thereto (including
	post-effective amendments), will have become effective and such effectiveness will not have been terminated or rescinded, (b)
	a Prospectus Supplement will have been prepared and filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission describing the Securities
	offered thereby, (c) all Securities will be offered, issued and sold in compliance with applicable United States federal and state
	securities laws and in the manner stated in the Registration Statement and the appropriate Prospectus Supplement, (d) any definitive
	purchase, underwriting or similar agreement with respect to any Securities offered will have been duly authorized and validly
	executed and delivered by the Company and the other parties thereto, (e) any securities issuable upon exercise of any Securities
	being offered will have been duly authorized, created and, if appropriate, reserved for issuance upon such exercise, (f) at the
	time of any offering or sale of any Common Shares, Warrants to purchase Common Shares, Units comprised of, in whole or in part,
	Common Shares or Subscription Rights for, in whole or in part, Common Shares, and as of the date of the issuance of any Common
	Shares issuable upon exercise of Warrants or Subscription Rights, there will be sufficient Common Shares authorized and unissued
	under the Company’s then operative notice of articles (the “Notice”) and articles (the “Articles”
	and together with the Notice, the “Charter Documents”) and not otherwise reserved for issuance, (g) at the time of
	issuance of the Securities, the Company validly exists and is duly qualified and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction
	of incorporation, and has the necessary corporate power for such issuance, (h) at the time of issuance of the Securities, the
	Charter Documents are in full force and effect and have not been amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise altered, and there
	has been no authorization of any such amendment, restatement, supplement or other alteration, in either case since the date hereof,
	(i) any Warrant Indenture (defined below), Subscription Receipt Agreement (defined below) or Unit Agreement (defined below) has
	been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the parties thereto (other than the Company) and constitute legally valid and
	binding obligations of the parties thereto (other than the Company), enforceable against each of them in accordance with their
	respective terms, (j) the Warrant Indenture, Subscription Receipt Agreement and Unit Agreement are governed by British Columbia
	law, and (k) that the terms, execution and delivery of the Securities (i) do not result in breaches of, or defaults under, agreements
	or instruments to which the Company is bound or violations of applicable statutes, rules, regulations or court or governmental
	orders, and (ii) comply with any applicable requirement or restriction imposed by any court or governmental body having jurisdiction
	over the Company. We have not undertaken any independent investigation to verify the accuracy or completeness of any of the foregoing
	assumptions.




	 




	Based
	upon the foregoing, and in reliance thereon, we are of the opinion that:




	 




	(1)


	The Distribution Agreement
	Shares, when issued and paid for in accordance with the Distribution Agreement and as contemplated in the Distribution Agreement
	Prospectus, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.




	 







	-

	2

	 -









	 







	 




	(2)


	With respect to Common Shares offered under the
	Registration Statement (other than the Distribution Agreement Shares) when (a) the Company has taken all necessary action to authorize
	and approve the issuance thereof and related matters, and (b) certificates representing the Common Shares have been duly executed,
	countersigned, registered and delivered, or if uncertificated, valid book-entry notations have been made in the share register
	of the Company, in each case in accordance with the Charter Documents, either (i) against payment therefor in an amount not less
	than such consideration determined by the Company’s Board of Directors and permitted under the laws of British Columbia
	then in effect and in the manner contemplated by the Registration Statement and/or the applicable Prospectus Supplement and in
	accordance with the provisions of the applicable definitive purchase, underwriting or similar agreement, if any, approved by the
	Company or (ii) upon exercise or conversion of any other Security in accordance with the terms of such Security or the instrument
	governing such Security as approved by the Company, for the consideration approved by the Company (in an amount not less than
	such consideration determined by the Company’s Board of Directors and permitted under the laws of the British Columbia then
	in effect), the Common Shares will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.




	 




	(3)


	With respect to Warrants offered under the Registration
	Statement, when (a) the Company has taken all necessary action to authorize and approve the creation of and the issuance and terms
	of the Warrants, the terms of the offering thereof and related matters, (b) a warrant indenture in respect thereof (a “Warrant
	Indenture”) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with applicable law and (c) the
	Warrants have been duly executed and delivered against payment therefor in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Indenture
	and in the manner contemplated by the Registration Statement and/or the applicable prospectus supplement (assuming the Securities
	issuable upon exercise of the Warrants have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action and
	in accordance with applicable law), the Warrants will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against
	the Company in accordance with their terms.




	 




	(4)


	With respect to Subscription Rights offered under
	the Registration Statement, when (a) the Company has taken all necessary action to authorize and approve the creation of and the
	issuance and terms of the Subscription Rights, the terms of the offering thereof and related matters, (b) a subscription right
	agreement in respect thereof (a “Subscription Receipt Agreement”) has been duly authorized, executed and delivered
	by the Company in accordance with applicable law and (c) the Subscription Rights have been duly executed and delivered against
	payment therefor in accordance with the provisions of the Subscription Receipt Agreement and in the manner contemplated by the
	Registration Statement and/or the applicable prospectus supplement (assuming the Securities issuable upon exercise of the Subscription
	Rights have been duly authorized and reserved for issuance by all necessary corporate action and in accordance with applicable
	law), the Subscription Rights will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in
	accordance with their terms.




	 




	(5)


	With respect to Units, assuming that (a) any
	Warrants that form a part of such Units constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company in accordance with their terms,
	as contemplated in numbered paragraph 3 above, (b) any Subscription Rights that form a part of such Units constitute valid and
	binding obligations of the Company in accordance with their terms, as contemplated in numbered paragraph 4 above, and (c) any
	Common Shares that form a part of such Units are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, when (i) the Company has taken
	all necessary corporate action to approve the creation of and the issuance and terms of the Units (including the Securities which
	comprise such Units), the terms of the offering thereof and related matters, (ii) any applicable unit agreement has been duly
	authorized, executed and delivered by the Company in accordance with applicable law (a “Unit Agreement”), and (iii)
	the Units or certificates representing the Units or the Securities comprising the Units, as the case may be, have been delivered
	against payment therefor in accordance with the provisions of any applicable Unit Agreement or purchase or similar agreement approved
	by the Company and in the manner contemplated by the Registration Statement and/or the applicable Prospectus Supplement, the Units
	will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms.




	 







	-

	3

	 -









	 







	 




	With
	respect to our opinion as to the Distribution Agreement Shares to be issued after the date hereof, we express no opinion to the
	extent that, notwithstanding its current reservation of shares of Common Shares, future issuances of securities of the Company
	and/or anti-dilution adjustments to outstanding securities of the Company cause outstanding securities to be exercisable or convertible
	for more shares of Common Shares than the number that remain authorized but unissued




	 




	The
	foregoing opinions are limited to the laws of the Province of British Columbia and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein
	on the date of this opinion, and we are expressing no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any other jurisdiction, domestic
	or foreign.




	 




	This
	opinion is addressed to the Company in connection with the filing of the Registration Statement and may not be relied upon by
	any other person without our prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we hereby consent to the filing of this opinion
	as an exhibit to the Registration Statement and to the use of our name in the Prospectus forming a part of the Registration Statement
	under the caption “Legal Matters.” In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are within the category of persons
	whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.




	 




	Very
	truly yours,




	 







	/s/
	Borden Ladner Gervais LLP




	 





	 







	-

	4

	 -









	 







	 












	 






	Exhibit
	23.1




	 







	CONSENT
	OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM





	 




	We
	consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement of VBI Vaccines Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-XXXX) to be
	filed on or about May 15, 2017 of our report dated March 20, 2017, on our audit of the consolidated financial statements
	as of December 31, 2016 and for the year then ended, which report was included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 20,
	2017. Our report includes an explanatory paragraph about the existence of substantial doubt concerning the Company’s ability
	to continue as a going concern. We also consent to the reference to our firm under the caption “Experts” in the Registration
	Statement on Form S-3.




	 







	/s/
	EISNERAMPER LLP





	 






	 




	 






	Iselin,
	New Jersey




	 






	May
	15, 2017




	 






	 










	 









	 















	 










	Exhibit
	23.2




	 







	CONSENT
	OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM





	 




	We
	consent to the reference to our firm under the caption ‘Experts” in the Registration Statement (Form S-3) and related
	Prospectus of VBI Vaccines Inc. for the registration of VBI Vaccines Inc.’s common shares, warrants, and units, and to the
	incorporation by reference therein of our report dated March 20, 2017, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
	VBI Vaccines Inc. as of December 31, 2015 and for the year then ended, which report is included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K
	for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.




	 





	/s/
	Smythe LLP






	 





	 






	Chartered
	Professional Accountants




	 






	 




	 






	Vancouver,
	Canada




	 






	May
	15, 2017




	 







	 









	 









	 






	 













	 




	Exhibit
	23.4




	 








	CONSENT
	OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM






	 




	We
	consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 of VBI Vaccines Inc., a corporation organized
	under the laws of British Columbia, Canada, of our report dated February 25, 2016, on our audits of the consolidated financial
	statements of VBI Vaccines (Delaware) Inc. and subsidiaries, formerly VBI Vaccines, Inc. (“the Company”) as of December
	31, 2015 and 2014, and for the years then ended. We also consent to the reference to us under the heading “Experts”
	in the Registration Statement.




	 




	Our
	report, dated February 25, 2016, contains an explanatory paragraph that states that the Company has incurred recurring operating
	losses and negative cash flows from operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to
	continue as a going concern.




	 







	/S/
	PETERSON SULLIVAN LLP





	 






	 




	 






	Seattle,
	Washington




	 






	May
	15, 2017




	 







	 









	 







	 











