






Contact Us – The Watermark Group







































































Skip to content



The Watermark Group
Strategic Integrated Solutions


Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 










Contact Us






 





210.599.0400
4271 Gate Crest
San Antonio, TX 78217
printinfo@thewatermarkgroup.com




Name*


First



Last

CompanyTitleEmail*

Categories of Interest

Printing


Binding


Mailing


TWG360solutions


Consultation


Other
MessageNameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 

















Go to Top






















Our Team – The Watermark Group











































































Skip to content



The Watermark Group
Strategic Integrated Solutions


Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Brand Advocates







Management TeamSales TeamCustomer Support TeamProduction Team



Management Team






Bob Bryant President/CEO
bob@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Adolph Cristo Director of Manufacturing
acristo@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Brad Elmhorst Marketing
brad@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Mark Mendez Sales Manager
mark@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Sales Team






Art Snow Account Executive
art@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Tom Kamp Account Executive
tom@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Jeanne Caliandro Account Executive
jeanne@thewatermarkgroup.com    


David Santos Account Executive
david@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Customer Support Team






Lea Littlefield Customer Relations
lea@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Kim Carlton Customer Relations
kim@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Emily Rodriguez Customer Relations
emily@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Production Team






Adolph Guerra Print Production
adolph@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Michelle Menchaca Prepress
michelle@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Terrie Reagan Direct Mail
terrie@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Ruben Rodriguez Operations
ruben@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Al Esquivel Digital Print Production
al@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Jim Hughes Online Services
jim@thewatermarkgroup.com    


Contact Us





The Watermark Group
4271 Gate Crest
San Antonio, TX 78217
Map it! 
Contact Us:
P 210-599-0400
F 210-599-0440
E printinfo@thewatermarkgroup.com



UPLOAD A FILEFORMS LIBRARY







Go to Top

















Watermark Group, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:07 AM ET
Media

Company Overview of Watermark Group, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Watermark Group, Inc., a development stage company, intends to promote, sell, and distribute films for studios. The company was formerly known as WNS Studios, Inc. and changed its name to Watermark Group, Inc. in August 2015. The company was incorporated in 2009 and is based in Brooklyn, New York. As of October 19, 2016, Watermark Group, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Co-Diagnostics, Inc.



3811 13th AvenueBrooklyn, NY 11218United StatesFounded in 20091 Employees



Phone: 718-907-4105








Key Executives for Watermark Group, Inc.




Mr. Edward Murphy


      	Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Watermark Group, Inc. Key Developments

Watermark Group, Inc. Announces Management Changes
May 1 17
On March 23, 2017, Watermark Group, Inc. entered into a Mutual Rescission Agreement (the Co-Diagnostics Rescission Agreement) with Co-Diagnostics, Inc. and Robert Salna, and Ted Murphy, both individuals and directors of the company. On March 23, 2017, Messrs. Dwight Egan and Reed Benson both announced to the Board of Directors his respective intention to resign from all positions with the company. Following the resignation of Mr. Egan, Mr. Murphy assumed the duties of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company.


Watermark Group, Inc. Announces Auditor Change
Jan 11 17
On January 10, 2017, Watermark Group, Inc. notified Wolinetz, Lafazan & Company, P.C. ("Wolinetz") of decision to terminate the firm as independent registered public accounting firm. During the interim period from May 1, 2016, to January 10, 2017, there have been no disagreements with Wolinetz on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements if not resolved to the satisfaction of Wolinetz would have caused them to make reference thereto in their report on the financial statements. On January 9, 2017, the company engaged Haynie & Company CPAs ("Haynie") of Salt Lake City, Utah, as new independent registered public accounting firm.


Watermark Group, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
Dec 15 16
On 12/15/2016, Watermark Group, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "It" Girl Public Relations United States +SmithGifford, Inc. United States .TV Technologies, Inc. United States @International Services, Inc. United States 1 Chronicles 14, L.P. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      November 30, 2016
			    
--



Private Placement

			      October 11, 2016
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 7, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Watermark Group, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























    WMHH News - Watermark Group Inc. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Watermark Group Inc.

                  OTC: WMHH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Watermark Group Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min



WMHH

/quotes/zigman/72556392/delayed


$
0.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume n/a
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/72556392/delayed
Previous close

$



$
				0.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















/news/latest/company/us/wmhh

      MarketWatch News on WMHH
    
No News currently available for WMHH







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/wmhh

      Other News on WMHH
    




 10-Q: WATERMARK GROUP, INC.
3:34 p.m. Sept. 21, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









/news/pressrelease/company/us/wmhh

      Press Releases on WMHH
    
No News currently available for WMHH
















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:07 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Watermark Group, Inc. 8-K/A Jan  6 2017 | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Watermark Group, Inc. (WMHH)FORM 8-K/A | Amended Current reportJan  6 2017|About: Watermark Group, Inc. (WMHH)View as PDF

 WATERMARK GROUP, INC. (Form: 8-K/A, Received: 01/06/2017 12:23:12) 












	 



	UNITED STATES


	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


	Washington, D.C. 20549


	 


	FORM 8-K/A



	 


	Amendment No. 1



	 


	 

	CURRENT REPORT



	 


	PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF


	THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


	 


	Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): October 13, 2016


	 






	 




	ZIKA DIAGNOSTICS, INC.




	 






	 




	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)




	 













	 




	WATERMARK GROUP, INC.




	 






	 




	(Former name of registrant)




	 







	 





	Nevada




	 




	000-55251




	 




	42-1768077






	(State or Other Jurisdiction



	of Incorporation)




	 




	(Commission



	File Number)




	 




	(IRS Employer



	Identification Number)





	 






	8160 S. Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah  84093



	Address of Principal Executive Office


	 



	Copies to:



	 


	 


	Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):


	 


	[  ] Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)


	 


	[  ] Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)


	 


	[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))


	 


	[  ] Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))


	 











	 



	EXPLANATORY NOTE






	This 8-K/A has been amended from its previous version to include the financial statements of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. as of December 31, 2015. Those statements are included as Exhibit 99.1




	 


	CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS






	This Form 8-K/A and other reports filed by Zika Diagnostics, inc. (formerly known as Watermark Group, Inc.) from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively the "Filings") contain or may contain forward looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information currently available to, the Company's management as well as estimates and assumptions made by the Company's management. When used in the filings the words "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "future", "intend", "plan" or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate to the Company's or Company's management identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors (including the risks contained in the section of this report entitled "Risk Factors") relating to the Company's industry, the Company's operations and results of operations and any businesses that may be acquired by the Company. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned.



	 


	Although the Company's management believes that the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's financial statements and the related notes filed with this Form 8-K.


	 


	In this Form 8-K, references to "we," "our," "us," the "Company" or "Zika" refer to Zika Diagnostics, Inc. (formerly known as Watermark Group, Inc.)


	 






	Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.





	The disclosure in Item 2.01 below is incorporated by reference herein.











	Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.


	On October 13, 2016, we entered into an exclusive license agreement (the "License Agreement") with Co-Diagnostics, Inc., a Utah corporation ("Co-Diagnostics" or the "Parent"), which we closed on October 14, 2016, and by the acquisition of rights under the License Agreement ceased to be a "shell company" as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that if a registrant was a shell company immediately before the transaction, as we were immediately before the acquisition of the rights pursuant to the License Agreement, then the registrant must disclose the information that would be required if the registrant were filing, upon consummation of the transaction, a general form for registration of securities on Form 10 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 reflecting all classes of the registrant's securities subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


	Accordingly, we are providing below the information that would be included in a general form for registration of securities on Form 10 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.


	Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year  



	On November 3, 2016, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment with the State of Nevada to amend its Articles of Incorporation to change the name of the Company to Zika Diagnostics, Inc. This action was approved by the Company's Board of Directors on October 17, 2016 and a majority of its shareholders on October 18, 2016. The Company will file a form of Issuer Company Related Action Notification with FINRA to announce the name change and to request a change in ticker symbol to better reflect the new corporate name. The Company will file another 8-K announcing the new symbol when it has been issued.


	 


	In conjunction with changing the name of the Company, the Board of Directors elected to change the fiscal year end of the Company to December 31. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year for the period ending December 31, 2016 will include the transition period not included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed July 21, 2016 for the year ended April 30, 2016.






	Item 1. BUSINESS


	 


	The Company






	The Company, Zika Diagnostics, Inc. (formerly known as Watermark Group, Inc.), a Nevada corporation headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, prior to consummation of the License Agreement, was a development stage company that was a "shell company" as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On October 13, 2016, the Company entered into the License Agreement with the Parent, which closed on October 14, 2016. On October 12, 2016, the Parent entered into a stock purchase agreement to purchase a controlling interest in the Company in anticipation of entering into the License Agreement, which closed on October 19, 2016.






	The Company intends to respond to the 2016 outbreak of the Zika virus by providing state of the art diagnostics tools to the medical community primarily in developing nations where the outbreak is most severe.  Pursuant to the License Agreement, the Company has licensed molecular diagnostics technology from the Parent and plans to market a panel of diagnostics tests developed using the licensed technology. The Company plans to respond to the international crises surrounding the spread of the Zika virus that has become acute in the last six months.  Pursuant to the License Agreement, we have licensed the exclusive rights to make, use, manufacture, sell and license polymerase chain reaction ("PCR") tests using the Parent's patented technology for detecting the Zika virus as well as other mosquito-borne flaviviruses, which include dengue, yellow fever, West Nile virus and Japanese encephalitis, as well as the alphavirus chikungunya.  Pursuant to the License Agreement, we have also licensed the non-exclusive right to sell the Parent's malaria test.  The tests to be distributed by the Company include a multiplex test for all of these flaviviruses plus chikungunya, differentiating among the viruses to rapidly diagnose the specific infection, as all these viruses exhibit similar symptoms, but require different treatments.




	2











	The Licensed Technology





	The Parent developed and patented a molecular diagnostics platform system that enables rapid, low-cost, sophisticated molecular testing for organisms and genetic diseases by greatly automating historically complex procedures in both the development and administration of tests. One of the Parent's newest technical advances involves a novel approach to PCR primer design (cooperative primers) that eliminates one of the key vexing issues of PCR amplification, the exponential growth of primer-dimer pairs (false positives or false negatives) which adversely interfere with identification of the target DNA. In addition, the Parent's scientists have enhanced the understanding of the mathematics of DNA test design, so as to "engineer" a DNA test and automate algorithms to screen millions of possible designs to find the optimum DNA test design.  The Parent's proprietary platform of Co-Dx™

	 

	technologies integrates and streamlines these steps as it analyzes biological samples.  The Company entered into an exclusive license to make, use, sell and licensed PCR tests using Co-Dx™ technology, but only for the Zika virus and certain other flaviviruses and alphaviruses, including dengue, chikungunya, yellow fever, West Nile virus and Japanese encephalitis and on a non-exclusive basis, malaria.  Together these tests are referred to as the "Licensed Tests," and the technology to design, make, use, sell and license the tests is referred to as the "Licensed Technology."





	PCR Market Opportunity





	The molecular diagnostics market is the fastest growing portion of the $33 billion US in vitro (test tube based, controlled environment) diagnostics market. In vitro diagnostics is expected to grow to a $75 billion industry in 2020. Given the advantages of molecular tests over other forms of diagnostic testing, which include higher sensitivities, the ability to perform multiplex tests and the ability to test for drug resistance or individual genes, this segment of the market remains the fastest growing. The molecular diagnostics market specifically

	 

	is expected to aggregate $9.3 billion by 2020 from $5.9 billion in 2015, at a growth rate of 9.3% from 2015 to 2020.





	Competitive Business Conditions





	The molecular diagnostics industry is extremely competitive.  There are many firms that provide some or all of the products we provide and provide many diagnostic tests that we have yet to develop.  Many of these competitors are larger than we are and have significantly greater financial resources.  Because we are not established, many of our competitors have a competitive advantage in the diagnostic testing industry because they also have other lines of business in the diagnostics and pharmaceutical industries from which they derive revenues and for which they are well known and respected in the medical profession.  We will need to overcome the disadvantage of being a start up with no history of success and not being well known in the testing industry.  In the diagnostics testing industry, we compete with such companies as BioMerieux, Siemans, Qiagen and Cepheid and with such pharmaceutical companies as Abbott Laboratories, Becton Dickinson and Johnson and Johnson.


	Many of these competitors already have an established customer base with industry standard technology, which we must penetrate to be successful.


	Market Strategy





	The Company anticipates generating revenue from co-ventures with in-country test manufacturing partners, from sublicensing agreements and from shared-revenue contracts with biotech companies (speed-to-market test development, companion diagnostics) and diagnostics product distributors.  Our market strategy is focused on the following goals:






	1)

	Provide

	affordable and accurate Zika and other flavivirus/alphavirus PCR tests worldwide

	          








	2)

	Sell

	to multiple prospective markets in the US Gulf States, in the Caribbean, in Latin America and elsewhere





	a) Through molecular diagnostics manufacturers and distributors: labs, private organizations and government agencies addressing healthcare needs in developed and developing nations,


	b) To clinical reference labs as an affordable test development alternative in creating their own DNA-based tests internally or outsourcing development to the Company


	c) To pharmaceutical companies looking for accurate companion diagnostics as they introduce new vaccines or therapeutics to the market






	3

	) Seek strategic partnerships

	with medium-to-large-cap biotech companies that can provide broader distribution and a potential merger or acquisition opportunity







	Product Offering









	·





	Current

	: The Company has an exclusive license to a panel of tests developed on the Parent's proprietary analytical systems, currently addressing the Licensed Tests, which are Zika, dengue, chikungunya, yellow fever, West Nile virus and Japanese encephalitis and on a non-exclusive basis and not included in the testing panel, malaria.













	·





	Near Future

	: The Company will continue to enhance its existing tests and as its distribution channels develop, it will seek to license other tests to sell through its distributors. Likewise, the Parent has a vested interest in continuing to iterate and improve the designs of the Licensed Tests and will continue to do so, all subsequent versions of which are licensed under the License Agreement.











	3











	Competitive Advantages of Licensed Tests









	·





	Affordability -

	Much lower-cost test kits - a fraction of competitors' pricing (50%-90% reductions).













	·





	Flexibility

	- The Licensed Tests can run on many vendors' DNA diagnostic testing machines. They are particularly well suited to the new generation of "lab-on-a-chip" and "point-of-care" ("LOC and POC"), highly portable analysis machinery for field, clinic and office applications.










	·





	Speed -

	Rapid assay development and time to results.













	·





	Sophistication -

	Tests are built on PCR technology, taking advantage of one of the most advanced diagnostic testing platforms.













	·





	Accuracy -

	Tests are more accurate than competitors' and can detect more strains of viruses.













	·





	Exclusivity -

	The Parent licensor (Co-Diagnostics, Inc.) owns all patents and intellectual property, and we have acquired some exclusive and non-exclusive rights as described above.













	·





	Broad Footprint -

	With a dynamic technology that encompasses markets worldwide, the Company can identify

	the best target markets,

	not only in highly burdened developing countries but also in developed nations.













	·





	Growth Industry Category -

	DNA testing is the fastest-growing segment of in-vitro diagnostic testing.










	·





	Combination Product Offering –

	The Licensed Tests are ultra-sensitive and are the perfect match for a new generation of more affordable molecular diagnostic devices now entering the market. Used together, these affordable tests + devices will revolutionize the molecular diagnostics industry in cost, mobility, speed of test results and simplification.






	 


	Market for Goods and Services





	Severity of the Problem





	"On January 22, 2016, the Center for Disease Control ('CDC') activated its Incident Management System and, working through the Emergency Operations Center (EOC), centralized its response to the outbreaks of Zika occurring in the Americas and increased reports of birth defects and Guillain-Barré syndrome in areas affected by Zika. On February 1, 2016, the World Health Organization declared a Public Health Emergency of International Concern (PHEIC) because of clusters of microcephaly and other neurological disorders in some areas affected by Zika. On February 8, 2016, CDC elevated its response efforts to a Level 1 activation, the highest response level at the agency."





	Source: http://www.cdc.gov/zika/geo/





	"The Zika virus 'is now spreading explosively' in the Americas, the head of the World Health Organization said Thursday, with another official estimating between 3 million to 4 million infections in the region over a 12-month period. The lack of any immunity to Zika and the fact that mosquitoes spreading the virus can be found most 'everywhere in the Americas' -- from Argentina to the southern United States -- explains the speed of its transmission, said Dr. Sylvain Aldighieri, an official with the WHO and Pan American Health Organization.





	Aldighieri gave the estimate for Zika infections (including people who do not report clinical symptoms) based on data regarding the spread of a different mosquito-borne virus -- dengue. He acknowledged the virus is circulating with 'very high intensity.'





	Some 80% of those infected with the Zika virus don't even feel sick, and most who do have relatively mild symptoms such as a fever, rash, joint pain or pink eye. But there are major worries about the dangers pregnant women and their babies face.





	Chan said that, where the virus has arrived, there's been a corresponding 'steep increase in the birth of babies with abnormally small heads and in cases of Guillain-Barre syndrome.' Having small heads can cause severe developmental issues and sometimes death. Guillain-Barre is a rare autoimmune disorder that can lead to life-threatening paralysis.





	Health authorities began to suspect a connection between Zika and neurological ailments, especially in fetuses and newborns. Brazil alone has reported more than 4,000 cases of microcephaly -- a neurological disorder resulting in the births of babies with small heads -- in infants born to women infected with Zika while pregnant."





	Source: http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/28/health/zika-virus-global-response/





	"The more researchers learn about the Zika virus, the scarier it appears, federal health officials said Monday as they urged more money for mosquito control and to develop vaccines and treatments. Scientists increasingly believe the Zika virus sweeping through Latin America and the Caribbean causes devastating defects in fetal brains if women become infected during pregnancy. 'Everything we look at with this virus seems to be a bit scarier than we initially thought,' Dr. Anne Schuchat of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said at a White House briefing."





	Source: http://.cbsnews.com/news/officials-zika-virus-scarier-than-we-thought/




	4











	Zika virus has been identified in 31 countries as of March 2016, including the US southern states. For the most recent recorded year, there were over 8.3 million births in Central and South America, in Cabo Verde in Africa and in affected regions of Polynesia. There were an additional 900,000+ births in the US Gulf States and Hawaii.





	Based on current research, it appears that the Zika virus passes through the placenta of some mothers who have an active strain of the virus during the first trimester of their pregnancies. It is estimated that the infection remains active rather than latent for up to 10 days. A pregnant woman ideally should be tested every 10 days during the first trimester, or 9 times. To date, over 4,000 cases of birth defects from Zika have been identified in the Brazilian states Rio de Janeiro and Bahia. Thus the potential market for a highly accurate, affordable PCR diagnostic test could be approximately 9.2 million X 9 tests, or over 80 million tests.





	Note: Zika does not always manifest acute symptoms, therefore a broad test initiative will have to be implemented.





	The WHO recently announced that the incidence of sexual transmission of the Zika virus is higher than earlier analyses indicated. Thus the market for a Zika screening test may be double the numbers listed above. Zika is a flavivirus, all of which are transmitted by the

	Aedes aegypti

	mosquito. They include Zika virus, dengue, yellow fever, West Nile virus and Japanese encephalitis. Chikungunya, an alphavirus, is likewise transmitted by the

	Aedes aegypti

	mosquito. Many have similar symptoms. The Company's next product after a Zika screening will be a PCR multiplex test to differentiate among these viruses in the patient. There are over a million cases of dengue in Brazil alone, and its symptoms are very similar to those of Zika.





	Compliance with Government Regulation





	We will be regulated by the U.S. Federal Drug Administration, and our products must be approved by the FDA before we will be allowed to sell our tests in the United States unless we sell to clinical research labs who are allowed to use our tests under their general umbrella of testing for diseases without applying for FDA approval to service the general public.  Because our Parent's lab is ISO 9001 and ISO 13485 certified, it is well prepared to obtain a self-certified CE-IVD marking for its products, which will allow us to sell our tests in most developed countries in Europe and Asia as well as in most developing nations, which are our initial target markets.  Each country will have its individual registration and regulatory requirements, which will need to be met as well.


	Research and Development





	We will have no responsibility to perform additional research and development, as our License Agreement with our Parent puts the responsibility to complete the development of all of the Licensed Tests on the Parent.  Further the License Agreement gives us the right to new innovations discovered and developed by our Parent in the course of its development activities, including further development of the Tests using the Parent's unique technology.


	  


	Corporate Office





	We maintain offices currently at 8160 S. Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84093, which includes two offices comprising approximately 1,000 square feet leased on a month to month basis for $750.00 per month.  We are seeking a different location, which may include relocating with or moving

	 

	adjacent to our Parent's corporate offices in Salt Lake City.


	  


	Employees





	We currently have five employees, two of which are part-time. All are located at our corporate offices.


	 


	Legal Proceedings


	We are not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which our property is the subject. We also know of no proceedings to which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our securities, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate or security holder, are an adverse party or have a material interest adverse to us.


	 


	Item 1A. RISK FACTORS


	 



	An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should

	 

	consider carefully the following risks, along with all of the other information

	 

	included in this report, before deciding to buy our common stock.

	 

	Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we

	 

	currently deem to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. If we

	 

	are unable to prevent events that have a negative effect from occurring, then

	 

	our business may suffer.



	 


	Risks Related to Our Company


	 



	We have a limited commercial history upon which to base our prospects, have not generated revenues or profits and do not expect to generate profits for the foreseeable future

	. 

	We may never achieve or sustain profitability

	.    





	5









	We have not earned any revenue to date and do not expect to earn significant revenue in the near future. We had a net loss of $ 23,636, $50,735, and $37,906, in the

	three-month period ending July 31, 2016, the twelve-month period ending April 30, 2016 and the twelve-month period ending April 30, 2015, respectively. Our accumulated deficit was $239,831 and $215,745 as of July 31, 2016 and April 30, 2016, respectively. Potential investors should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by a new enterprise, many of which are beyond our control, including substantial risks and expenses in the course of developing new diagnostic tests, establishing or entering new markets, organizing operations and marketing procedures. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of these risks, expenses, complications and delays, and the competitive environment in which we operate. There is, therefore, nothing at this time upon which to base an assumption that our business plan will prove successful, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue, raise additional capital or operate profitably. We will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early commercial stage companies, including scaling up our infrastructure and headcount, and may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties or delays in connection with our growth. In addition, as a result of the start-up nature of our business, we can be expected to continue to sustain substantial operating expenses without generating sufficient revenues to cover expenditures. As discussed in Note 2 to our

	audited financial statements, our recurring operating losses and our need for additional sources of capital to fund our ongoing operations raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Any investment in our company is therefore highly speculative and could result in the loss of your entire investment.




	We will need to raise additional capital, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and which may cause dilution to stockholders, restrict our operations or adversely affect our ability to operate our business

	.    


	As of April 30, 2016, our cash balance was $1,191 and our working capital deficit was $13,712. At our current rate of expenditures, we estimate that our existing capital resources will fund our operations for twelve months. Accordingly, we will need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financing or through other means in order to sustain our operations and current business strategy. We may be unable to obtain adequate financing on favorable terms, or at all, and any additional financings could result in additional dilution to our then-existing stockholders or restrict our operations or adversely affect our ability to operate our business. If we are unable to obtain needed financing on acceptable terms, we may not be able to implement our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to meet our business objectives, our equity value may decrease and investors may lose some or all of their investment. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, the percentage ownership of     our then stockholders will be reduced. If we raise funds by issuing debt, the ability of our stockholders to receive earnings or distributions may be adversely affected and we may be subject to additional covenants and restrictions.



	The best efforts structure of this offering may yield insufficient gross proceeds to execute on our business plan

	.  



	The underwriters are offering the Shares on

	a best-efforts basis. The underwriters are not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of Shares, but will use their best efforts to sell the Shares offered. As a "best-efforts" offering

	, there can be no assurance that the offering contemplated hereby will ultimately be consummated or will result in any proceeds being made to us. The success of this offering will impact our ability to cover expenses and finance operations over the next 12 months. If no Shares are sold in this offering, or if we sell only a minimum number of Shares yielding insufficient gross proceeds, we may be unable to cover our expenses, successfully fund operations, or execute on our business plan. This would result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations.




	Our near-term success is dependent upon our ability to commence sales of our tests

	.   


	Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to commence sales of our tests. Attracting new customers requires substantial time and expense. Any failure to initiate sales of our tests to validate our platform would adversely affect our operating results. Many factors could affect the market acceptance and commercial success of our diagnostic tests, including:



	 





	 




	•




	 




	our ability to convince our potential customers of the advantages and economic value of our tests over competing technologies and diagnostic tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	the breadth of our test menu relative to competitors;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes to policies, procedures or currently accepted best practices in clinical diagnostic testing;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	the extent and success of our marketing and sales efforts;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our ability to manufacture our commercial diagnostic tests and meet demand in a timely fashion.










	If we cannot successfully develop, obtain regulatory approvals for and commercialize new diagnostic tests, our financial results will be harmed and our ability to compete will be harmed

	.   


	Our financial performance depends in part upon our ability to successfully develop and market new tests in a rapidly changing technological and economic environment. If we fail to successfully introduce new diagnostic tests, we could lose customers and market share. We could also lose market share if our competitors introduce new diagnostic tests or technologies that render our diagnostic tests less competitive or obsolete. In addition, delays in the introduction of new diagnostic tests due to regulatory, developmental or other obstacles could negatively impact our revenue and market share, as well as our earnings. Factors that can influence our ability to introduce new diagnostic tests, the timing associated with new product approvals and commercial success of these diagnostic tests include:




	6









	 





	 




	•




	 




	the scope of and progress made in our research and development activities;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our ability to successfully initiate and complete clinical trial studies;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	timely expansion of our menu of tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	the results of clinical trials needed to support any regulatory approvals of our tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our ability to obtain requisite FDA or other regulatory clearances or approvals for our tests under development on a timely basis;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	demand for the new diagnostic tests we introduce;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	product offerings from our competitors; and





	 





	 




	•




	 




	the functionality of new diagnostic tests that address market requirements and customer demands.






	 



	We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations

	.    





	Our diagnostic tests are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and comparable foreign agencies. To varying degrees each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our diagnostic tests. In the clinical market, our diagnostic tests are regulated by the FDA and comparable agencies of other countries. In particular, FDA regulations govern activities such as product development, product testing, product labeling, product storage, premarket clearance or approval, manufacturing, advertising, promotion, product sales, reporting of certain product failures and distribution. Our diagnostic tests will require 510(k) clearance from the FDA prior to marketing in the United States. Clinical trials are required to support a 510(k) submission.







	Since 2009 the FDA has significantly increased its oversight of companies subject to its regulations, including medical device companies, by hiring new investigators and stepping up inspections of manufacturing facilities. The FDA has recently also significantly increased the number of warning letters issued to companies. If the FDA were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, the FDA could refuse to grant pre-market approval applications or require certificates of foreign governments for exports, and/or require us to notify health professionals and others. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively marketing and selling our diagnostic tests.


	Foreign governmental regulations have become increasingly stringent and more common, and we may become subject to more rigorous regulation by foreign governmental authorities in the future. Penalties for a company's non-compliance with foreign governmental regulation could be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company's business license and criminal sanctions. Any domestic or foreign governmental law or regulation imposed in the future may have a material adverse effect on us.


	Our current and potential customers in the United States and elsewhere may also be subject, directly or indirectly, to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims, transparency, health information privacy and security and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens and diminished profits and future earnings.



	The life sciences industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change. If our competitors and potential competitors develop superior diagnostic tests and technologies, our competitive position and results of operations would suffer

	.    


	We face intense competition from a number of companies that offer diagnostic tests in our target markets, many of which have substantially greater financial resources and larger, more established marketing, sales and service organizations than we do. The life sciences industry is characterized by rapid and continuous technological innovation. We may need to develop new technologies for our diagnostic tests to remain competitive. One or more of our current or future competitors could render our present or future diagnostic tests obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances. We may also encounter other problems in the process of delivering new diagnostic tests to the marketplace, such as problems related to design, development or manufacturing of such diagnostic tests, and as a result we may be unsuccessful in selling such diagnostic tests. Our future success depends on our ability to compete effectively against current technologies, as well as to respond effectively to technological advances by developing and marketing diagnostic tests that are competitive in the continually changing technological landscape.



	If our diagnostic tests do not perform as expected or the reliability of the technology on which our diagnostic tests are based is questioned, we could experience delayed or reduced market acceptance of our diagnostic tests, increased costs and damage to our reputation

	.    




	7








	Our success depends on the market's confidence that we can provide reliable, high-quality diagnostic tests. We believe that customers in our target markets are likely to be particularly sensitive to product defects and errors. Our reputation and the public image of our diagnostic tests or technologies may be impaired if our diagnostic tests fail to perform as expected or our diagnostic tests are perceived as difficult to use. Despite quality control testing, defects or errors could occur in our diagnostic tests or technologies.


	In the future if our diagnostic tests experience a material defect or error, this could result in loss or delay of revenues, delayed market acceptance, damaged reputation, diversion of development resources, legal claims, increased insurance costs or increased service and warranty costs, any of which could harm our business. Such defects or errors could also prompt us to amend certain warning labels or narrow the scope of the use of our diagnostic tests, either of which could hinder our success in the market. Even after any underlying concerns or problems are resolved, any widespread concerns regarding our technology or any manufacturing defects or performance errors in our diagnostic tests could result in lost revenue, delayed market acceptance, damaged reputation, increased service and warranty costs and claims against us.



	If our international distributor relationships are not successful, our ability to market and sell our diagnostic tests will be harmed and our financial performance will be adversely affected

	.   


	Outside of the United States, we depend on relationships with distributors for the marketing and sales of our diagnostic tests in various geographic regions, and we have a limited ability to influence their efforts. Relying on distributors for our sales and marketing could harm our business for various reasons, including:



	 





	 




	•




	 




	agreements with distributors may terminate prematurely due to disagreements or may result in litigation between the partners;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our distributors may not devote sufficient resources to the sale of diagnostic tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our distributors may be unsuccessful in marketing our diagnostic tests; and





	 





	 




	•




	 




	we may not be able to negotiate future distributor agreements on acceptable terms.










	If we become subject to claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of hazardous materials, we could incur significant cost and time to comply

	.    


	Our research and development processes involve the controlled storage, use and disposal of hazardous materials, including biological hazardous materials. We are subject to foreign, federal, state and local regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of materials and waste products. We may incur significant costs complying with both existing and future environmental laws and regulations. In particular, we are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, and the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, and to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act in the United States. OSHA or the EPA may adopt additional regulations in the future that may affect our research and development programs. The risk of accidental contamination or injury from hazardous materials cannot be eliminated completely. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, and any liability could exceed the limits or fall outside the coverage of our workers' compensation insurance. We may not be able to maintain insurance on acceptable terms, if at all.



	Our diagnostic tests have not been manufactured on a high volume scale and are subject to unforeseen scale-up risks

	.    


	While we have developed a process to manufacture diagnostic tests, there can be no assurance that we can manufacture our diagnostic tests at a scale that is adequate for our future commercial needs. We may face significant or unforeseen difficulties in manufacturing our diagnostic tests, including but not limited to:



	 





	 




	•




	 




	technical issues relating to manufacturing components of our diagnostic test cartridges on a high volume commercial scale at reasonable cost, and in a reasonable time frame;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	difficulty meeting demand or timing requirements for orders due to excessive costs or lack of capacity for part or all of an operation or process;





	 


	 


	 


	 




	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes in government regulations or in quality or other requirements that lead to additional manufacturing costs or an inability to supply product in a timely manner, if at all; and





	 





	 




	•




	 




	increases in raw material or component supply cost or an inability to obtain supplies of certain critical supplies needed to complete our manufacturing processes.









	These and other difficulties may only become apparent when scaling up to the manufacturing process of our diagnostic tests to a more substantive commercial scale. In the event our diagnostic tests cannot be manufactured in sufficient commercial quantities or manufacturing is delayed, our future prospects could be significantly impacted and our financial prospects would be materially harmed.




	8









	We or our suppliers may experience development or manufacturing problems or delays that could limit the growth of our revenue or increase our losses

	.    



	We may encounter unforeseen situations in the manufacturing of our diagnostic tests that could result in delays or shortfalls in our production. Our suppliers may also face similar delays or shortfalls. In addition, our or our suppliers' production processes may have to change to accommodate any significant future expansion of our manufacturing capacity, which may increase our or our suppliers' manufacturing costs, delay production of our diagnostic tests, reduce our product gross margin and adversely impact our business. If we are unable to keep up with demand for our diagnostic tests by successfully manufacturing and shipping our diagnostic tests in a timely manner, our revenue could be impaired, market acceptance for our diagnostic tests could be adversely affected and our customers might instead purchase our competitors' diagnostic tests. In addition, developing manufacturing procedures for new diagnostic tests may require developing specific production processes for those diagnostic tests. Developing such processes could be time consuming and any unexpected difficulty in doing so can delay the introduction of a product.



	We expect to rely on third parties to conduct studies of our diagnostic tests that will be required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily

	.


	We do not have the ability to independently conduct the field trial studies or other studies that may be required to obtain FDA and other regulatory clearances or approvals for our diagnostic tests. Accordingly, we expect to rely on third parties, such as independent testing laboratories and hospitals, to conduct such studies. Our reliance on these third parties will reduce our control over these activities. These third-party contractors may not complete activities on schedule or conduct studies in accordance with regulatory requirements or our study design. We cannot control whether they devote sufficient time, skill and resources to our studies. Our reliance on third parties that we do not control will not relieve us of any applicable requirement to prepare, and ensure compliance with, various procedures required under good clinical practices. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected deadlines, if the third parties need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our studies may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for additional diagnostic tests.



	Product liability claims could adversely impact our financial condition and our earnings and impair our reputation

	.


	Inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information with respect to our diagnostic tests could result in an unsafe condition, injury to, or death of, a patient. The occurrence of such a problem could result in product liability claims, or safety alert relating to, one or more of our diagnostic tests. Product liability claims, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and on our ability to attract and retain customers for our diagnostic tests.



	Health care policy changes, including U.S. health care reform legislation signed in 2010, may have a material adverse effect on us

	.  


	In March 2010 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law. Elements of this legislation, such as comparative effectiveness research, an independent payment advisory board, payment system reforms, including shared savings pilots, and other provisions, could meaningfully change the way health care is developed and delivered, and may materially impact numerous aspects of our business.



	Consolidation in the health care industry could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations

	.  


	Many health care industry companies, including health care systems, are consolidating to create new companies with greater market power. As the health care industry consolidates, competition to provide goods and services to industry participants will become more intense. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price concessions or reductions for diagnostic tests. If we are forced to reduce our prices because of consolidation in the health care industry, our projected revenues would decrease and our earnings, financial condition, and/or cash flows would suffer.



	Our ability to compete depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees

	.   


	Our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract, train, integrate and retain highly qualified technical, development, sales and marketing, managerial and administrative personnel. Competition for highly skilled individuals is extremely intense and we face difficulty identifying and hiring qualified personnel in many areas of our business. We may not be able to hire and retain such personnel at compensation levels consistent with our existing compensation and salary structure. Many of the companies with which we compete for hiring experienced employees have greater resources than we have. If we fail to identify, attract, train, integrate and retain highly qualified and motivated personnel, our reputation could suffer and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.


	Our future success also depends on the continued service and performance of our senior management team. The replacement of members of our senior management team likely would involve significant time and costs, and the loss of any these individuals may delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives.



	Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations

	.    




	9








	We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Changes in existing tax laws, treaties, regulations or policies or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or the enactment or adoption of new tax laws, treaties, regulations or policies could materially impact our effective tax rate.



	If we do not achieve, sustain or successfully manage our anticipated growth, our business and prospects will be harmed

	.    


	If we are unable to obtain or sustain adequate revenue growth, our financial results could suffer. Furthermore, significant growth will place strains on our management and our operational and financial systems and processes and our operating costs may escalate even faster than planned. If we cannot effectively manage our expanding operations and our costs, we may not be able to grow effectively or we may grow at a slower pace. Additionally, if we do not successfully forecast the timing of regulatory authorization for our additional tests, marketing and subsequent demand for our diagnostic tests or manage our anticipated expenses accordingly, our operating results will be harmed.




	Other companies or institutions have commercial diagnostic tests or may develop and market novel or improved methods for infectious disease diagnostic testing, which may make our diagnostic platform less competitive or obsolete

	.





	The market for diagnostic testing is large and established, and our competitors may possess significantly greater financial resources and have larger development and commercialization capabilities than we do. We may be unable to compete effectively against these competitors either because their diagnostic platforms are superior or because they may have more expertise, experience, financial resources or stronger business relationships.






	New technologies, techniques or diagnostic tests could emerge that might offer better combinations of price and performance than our current or future diagnostic tests

	.





	It is critical to our success that we anticipate changes in technology and customer requirements and to successfully introduce, on a timely and cost-effective basis, new, enhanced and competitive technologies that meet the needs of current and prospective customers. If we do not successfully innovate and introduce new technology into our product lines or manage the transitions to new product offerings, our revenues, results of operations and business will be adversely impacted. Competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. We anticipate that we will face increased competition in the future as existing companies and competitors develop new or improved diagnostic tests and as new companies enter the market with new technologies.






	We are dependent on single source suppliers for some of the components and materials used in our diagnostic tests, and supply chain interruptions could negatively impact our operations and financial performance

	.





	Our diagnostic tests are manufactured by us and we obtain supplies from a limited number of suppliers. In some cases, critical components required to manufacture our diagnostic tests may only be available from a sole supplier or limited number of suppliers, any of whom would be difficult to replace. The supply of any of our manufacturing materials may be interrupted because of poor vendor performance or other events outside our control, which may require us, among other things, to identify alternate vendors and result in lost sales and increased expenses. Even if the manufacturing materials that we source are available from other parties, the time and effort involved in validating the new supplies and obtaining any necessary regulatory approvals for substitutes could impede our operations.




	 


	Risks Related to Our Securities


	 



	The price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially

	.    


	The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be subject to wide fluctuation in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this "Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in this prospectus, are:


	 





	 




	•




	 




	sales of our common stock by our stockholders, executives, and directors;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	volatility and limitations in trading volumes of our shares of common stock;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	fluctuations in our results of operations;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our ability to enter new markets;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	actual or un-anticipated fluctuations in our annual and quarterly financial results;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our ability to obtain financings to continue and expand our commercial activities, expand our manufacturing operations, conduct and complete research and development activities including, but not limited to, our human clinical trials, and other business activities;






	 


	 




	10















	 




	•




	 




	our ability to secure resources and the necessary personnel to continue and expand our commercial activities, develop additional diagnostic tests, conduct clinical trials and gain approval for our additional diagnostic tests on our desired schedule;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	commencement, enrollment or results of our clinical trials of our diagnostic tests or any future clinical trials we may conduct;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes in the development status of our diagnostic tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	any delays or adverse developments or perceived adverse developments with respect to the FDA's review of our planned clinical trials;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	any delay in our submission for studies or test approvals or adverse regulatory decisions, including failure to receive regulatory approval for our diagnostic tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our announcements or our competitors' announcements regarding new tests, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	unanticipated safety concerns related to our diagnostic tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	failures to meet external expectations or management guidance;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes in our capital structure or dividend policy, including as a result of future issuances of securities and sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our cash position;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	announcements and events surrounding financing efforts, including debt and equity securities;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	our inability to enter into new markets or develop new diagnostic tests;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	reputational issues;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	competition from existing technologies and diagnostic tests or new technologies and diagnostic tests that may emerge;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	announcements of acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, new diagnostic tests, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes in general economic, political and market conditions in any of the regions in which we conduct our business;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes in industry conditions or perceptions;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes in valuations of similar companies or groups of companies;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	analyst research reports, recommendations and changes in recommendations, price targets and withdrawals of coverage;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	departures and additions of key personnel;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	disputes and litigations related to intellectual properties, proprietary rights and contractual obligations;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting practices and other dynamics;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	release or expiry of lockup or other transfer restrictions on our outstanding common shares;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	announcements or actions taken by our principal stockholders; and





	 





	 




	•




	 




	other events or factors, many of which may be out of our control.









	In addition, if the market for stocks in our industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.




	11









	Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our share price to fall

	.    


	We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including expanding research and development, funding clinical trials, purchasing of capital equipment, hiring new personnel, commercializing our diagnostic tests, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales may also result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing stockholders.



	Future sales of our common stock in the public market may cause our stock price to decline and impair our ability to raise future capital through the sale of our equity securities

	.    


	There are a substantial number of shares of our common stock held by stockholders who owned shares of our capital stock prior to our initial public offering that may be able to sell in the public market. Sales by such stockholders of a substantial number of shares could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock.







	We plan to register all shares of our common stock that we may issue pursuant to a long term incentive plan for employees. Shares issued by us upon exercise of options granted under such an equity plan will be eligible for sale in the public market. If any of these holders cause a large number of securities to be sold in the public market, the sales could reduce the trading price of our common stock. These sales also could impede our ability to raise capital in the future.






	"Penny stock" rules may make buying or selling our securities difficult, which may make our stock less liquid and make it harder for investors to buy and sell our securities

	.    


	If at any time in the future our shares of common stock are not listed for trading by NASDAQ and begin to trade on an over-the-counter market such as the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board or any quotation system maintained by OTC Markets, Inc., trading in our securities will be subject to the SEC's "penny stock" rules and it is anticipated that trading in our securities will continue to be subject to the penny stock rules for the foreseeable future. The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any broker-dealer who recommends our securities to persons other than prior customers and accredited investors must, prior to the sale, make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition, broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by these requirements may discourage broker-dealers from recommending transactions in our securities, which could severely limit the liquidity of our securities and consequently adversely affect the market price for our securities.


	If we do not qualify for an exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:



	 





	 




	•




	 




	a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	reduced liquidity with respect to our securities;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	a determination that our shares of common stock are "penny stock" which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock;





	 





	 




	•




	 




	a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and





	 





	 




	•




	 




	decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.









	Therefore, it may be difficult for our stockholders to sell any shares if they desire or need to sell them.






	Financial reporting obligations of being a public company in the United States are expensive and time consuming, and may place significant demands on our management and other personnel

	.    


	The additional obligations of being a public company in the United States require significant expenditures and may place significant demands on our management and other personnel, including costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and the listing requirements of The NASDAQ Capital Market. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. Moreover, despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act (certain provisions of which we are taking advantage of), the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations will make some activities more time-consuming and costly, particularly after we are no longer an "emerging growth company." Any changes that we make to comply with these obligations may not be sufficient to allow us to satisfy our obligations as a public company on a timely basis, or at all.




	12









	We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares

	.    


	We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our share price.



	We are an "emerging growth company" and will be able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors

	.    


	We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "emerging growth companies" including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Investors may find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an "emerging growth company." We will remain an "emerging growth company" until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues

	 

	of $1 billion or more; (ii) the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iii) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.



	We have elected to use the extended transition periods for complying with new or revised accounting standards

	.    


	We have elected to use the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transaction period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B). As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply with public company effective dates.



	We may be at risk of securities class action litigation

	.    


	We may be at risk of securities class action litigation. In the past, life science companies have experienced significant stock price volatility, particularly when associated with binary events such as clinical trials and product approvals. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could harm our business and results in a decline in the market price of our common stock.







	Our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance initiatives

	.    





	As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a newly formed entity. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and NASDAQ, have imposed various new requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these new compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming and costly. We expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage.









	Item 2. FINANCIAL INFORMATION





	Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations



	The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes that are included elsewhere in this current report. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption "Risk Factors" or in other parts of this current report.  See "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements."




	13








	Critical Accounting Policies


	Management Estimates


	The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.


	Cash and Cash Equivalents


	We consider all cash on hand and in banks, and highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, to be cash equivalents. At April 30, 2016 and 2015, we had minimal bank balances. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts, and believe we are not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents.


	Current financial market conditions have had the effect of restricting liquidity of cash management investments and have increased the risk of even the most liquid investments and the viability of some financial institutions.  We do not believe, however, that these conditions will materially affect our business or our ability to meet our obligations or pursue our business plans.


	Accounts Receivable


	Trade accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a monthly basis. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by identifying troubled accounts and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. Trade receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when received.


	A trade receivable is considered to be past due if any portion of the receivable balance is outstanding for more than 90 days. After the receivable becomes past due, it is on non-accrual status and accrual of interest is suspended.


	Property and Equipment


	Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the property, generally from three to five years.  Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred except when such repairs significantly add to the useful life or productive capacity of the asset, in which case the repairs are capitalized.


	Patents and Intangibles


	We have no patents and trademarks, although we have licensed rights to our Parent's intellectual property as described herein.


	Long-Lived Assets


	We review our long-lived assets, including patents, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  Recoverability of assets held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future un-discounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.  If such assets are considered to be impaired, then the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets.  Fair value is determined by using cash flow analyses and other market valuations.


	Stock-based Compensation


	Stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the awards, and recognized as expense ratably over the requisite service period of the award for awards expected to vest.


	Income Taxes


	We account for income taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to the taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.




	14








	Revenue Recognition


	We recognize revenue when evidence exists that there is an arrangement between us and our customers, delivery of products sold or service has occurred, the selling price to our customers is fixed and determinable with required documentation, and collectability is reasonably assured. We recognize as deferred revenue, payments made in advance by customers for products not yet provided.


	In instances where we have entered into license agreements with a third parties to use our technology within their product offering, we recognize any base or prepaid revenues over the term of the agreement and any per occurrence or periodic usage revenues in the period they are earned.





	Research and Development


	Research and development costs are expensed when incurred.  We have incurred no research and development costs.


	Concentration of Credit Risk


	Financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of trade accounts receivable. In the normal course of business, we provide credit terms to our customers. Accordingly we will, when we have receivables, perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain allowances for possible losses.


	Weighted Average Shares


	Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income or loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period. The computation of diluted earnings per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year, plus the dilutive common stock equivalents that would rise from the exercise of stock options, warrants and restricted stock units outstanding during the period, using the treasury stock method and the average market price per share during the period, plus the effect of assuming conversion of the convertible debt. The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume conversion or exercise of securities that would have an anti-dilutive effect on earnings.





	Advertising Expenses


	We follow the policy of charging the costs of advertising to expense as incurred.  No advertising expenses were incurred for the years ended April 30, 2016 and 2015.


	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements


	We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.


	Executive Overview


	On October 13, 2016, we entered into the License Agreement with our Parent, Co-Diagnostics, and commenced operations designed to commercialize the Licensed Tests beginning with the PCR test for the Zika virus.  The Licensed Technology is encompassed in three issued patents and two pending patent applications described in the License Agreement.  Those patents and applications are entitled "Rapid Oligo Probes", "Detection Primers for Nucleic Acid Extension or Amplification Reactions", "Nucleic Acid Hotstart Technology", "Primers for Nucleic Acid Extension or Amplification Reactions" and "Cooperative Primers, Probes and Applications thereof."   The Licensed Tests are "open architecture" tests that can be performed on most of the thermocycler molecular diagnostic testing machines available in the marketplace.  The costs of goods and delivery to the public will be much less than tests currently available since the Licensed Technology is not based on any other patented technology requiring licensing royalties to be able to design and employ tests.


	In February 2016, in response to the publicity surrounding the Zika virus both in the United States and South and Central America, our Parent commenced development of a PCR based Zika test.  The development of the Zika test was completed within a one-month period and was tested in our Parent's lab on synthetic Zika virus where it showed the desired accuracy and specificity required to proceed with further validation studies preliminary to offering the Zika test for commercial sale and distribution.  In April 2016 our Parent completed a study at Utah State University wherein our Zika test was used in experimentation with live Zika virus.  The blind study of twelve different samples resulted in 100% detection of the live Zika virus samples and almost as importantly amplification did not occur with samples containing dengue and yellow fever indicating that our test could differentiate between other flaviviruses, which will be an important selling point in diagnosis of diseases with similar symptoms and application of correct treatments.


	The License Agreement grants to us the exclusive rights to make, use, sell, license and otherwise commercialize the PCR tests for Zika virus, dengue, yellow fever, West Nile virus, Japanese encephalitis, and chikungunya.   It also grants to us a non-exclusive right to sell our Parent's test for malaria.  The License Agreement requires that we pay an initial license fee of $500,000 upon execution of the license, which has been paid, and that we pay a royalty of 10% of the gross margin of the sales of the Licensed Tests.  The License Agreement obligates our Parent to use up to $200,000 of the initial license fee for its lab and personnel to continue development of the Licensed Tests and covenants that we will have developed and lab verified tests for each of the pathogens covered by the License Agreement ready for in-field verification preliminary to sales and distribution of the Licensed Tests within 180 days of the payment of the initial license fee.




	15








	Our Parent's lab is ISO certified (ISO 13485 and 9001), which will facilitate the Parent in obtaining CE-IVD marking as an initial qualification for sales and distribution of the Licensed Tests throughout most of the world, with the exception of the United States.  Our Parent is in the process of assembling the files and documentation necessary for obtaining the CE marking for Zika, dengue and malaria according to the self-certifying process available by the European Commission. Upon receipt of the CE marking, we will be able to commence sales of our Licensed Tests in countries accepting the CE marking (not in the United States) without further cumbersome governmental approvals.  We have engaged the services of a sales representative who has commenced activities directed to presentation to government officials in Latin American countries.


	Finally, the License Agreement provides that we will purchase the Licensed Tests from our Parent and that the purchase price of the Licensed Tests can be no more than 20% greater than the manufacturing costs of the Licensed Tests.


	Effective October 11, 2016, we entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor for the sale of 5,888,888 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $.18 per share or $1,060,000.  The proceeds from the sale of our stock have allowed us to commence our business plan by paying the initial license fee and providing funds to commence marketing efforts.


	Results of Operations for the Years Ended April 30, 2016 and April 30, 2015


	Net Sales


	We had no sales of products in 2015 or 2016.


	Cost of Sales


	We had no sales of products in 2015 or 2016.


	O

	perating Expenses



	For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2016, total operating expenses were $43,906, which included professional fees in the amount of $20,857, general and administrative expenses of $20,049 and rent in the amount of $3,000.  For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2015, total operating expenses were $33,269, which included rent in the amount of $3,000, professional fees in the amount of $23,886 and general and administrative expenses of $6,383.


	Interest Expense


	We recorded no interest expense.


	Net Loss


	We had net loss of $50,735 for the year ended April 30, 2016 compared to a net loss of $37,906 for the year ended April 30, 2015.


	Liquidity and Capital Resources


	As of April 30, 2016, we had a cash balance of $1,191.  Following the funding of $1,066,000 received in October 2016 pursuant to the subscription agreement referenced above, we were able to pay the required license fee and to commence operations for the sale and marketing of our Licensed Tests.  Based on our currently stated budgets the cash available for operations should be able to sustain us for six months to a year depending our level of activity.  It is our intention to seek additional investment capital during the next twelve months and to commence sales of our Licensed Tests to defray our costs and expenses of sales and marketing and continuing operations, but there can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us or available on terms favorable to us.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to commence sales and distribution of our Licensed Tests or that the Licensed Tests will be accepted in the medical and testing community.  If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund and develop our business as currently planned.



	 


	Item 3. PROPERTIES


	 


	Principal Executive Office





	We maintain offices currently at 8160 S. Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, Utah 84093, which includes two offices comprising approximately 1,000 square feet leased on a month-to-month basis for $750 per month.  We are seeking a different location, which may include relocating with or adjacent to our Parent's corporate offices which are located in Salt Lake City, Utah.




	16
















	Item 4. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT


	 


	The following table sets forth certain information, as of October 19, 2016, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock by (i) any holder of more than five (5%) percent; (ii) each of the Company's executive officers and directors; and (iii) the Company's directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders listed below has sole voting and investment power over the shares beneficially owned.


	 





	Name of Beneficial Owner




	Common Stock



	Beneficially



	Owned




	Percentage of



	Common Stock



	(1)






	Co-Diagnostics, Inc.




	 19,800,000




	65% 






	Robert Salna




	5,888,888




	19% 






	All officers and directors as a group




	5,888,888




	19%






	 


	(1) Applicable percentage ownership is based on shares of common stock outstanding as of October 19, 2016. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 30,666,388 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of October 19, 2016, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of October 19, 2016 for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 19, 2016 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.







	Item 5. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS



	Identification of Executive Officers and Directors





	Our Articles of Incorporation state that our Board of Directors shall consist of a number of directors designated by our By-Laws, but never be less than one director.  Our By-Laws allow us to have from 1 to nine directors, and at the current time we have four directors.


	 


	The name of the officers and directors of the Company as of October 18, 2016, as well as certain information about them, are set forth below:


	 





	Name



	 



	Age



	 



	Position






	Dwight H. Egan



	 



	63



	 



	Director, CEO & President






	Reed L. Benson



	 



	70



	 



	Director & CFO






	Robert Salna



	 



	60



	 



	Director





	Ted Murphy 


	 


	 52


	 


	Director  





	       


	Background of Executive Officers and Directors






	On October 14

	, 2016,

	Dwight H. Egan was appointed as a member of the Company's Board of Directors and as President and CEO. Mr. Egan does not have any understandings or relationships with third parties pursuant to which he was appointed to the Board.  Mr. Egan became acquainted with us through his position with Co-Diagnostics, Inc. and in that capacity had a prior relationship with us incident to the license of certain technology by us.







	Dwight H. Egan

	has been President and CEO and director of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. since April 2013.  Co-Diagnostics, Inc. is a privately-held molecular diagnostics company headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.  Mr. Egan has been engaged in private investment business from February 1999 to the present.  He was a senior executive at Data Broadcasting Corporation, a leading provider of wireless, real-time financial market data, news and sophisticated fixed-income portfolio analytics to 27,000 individual and professional investors from 1995 to 1999. He co-founded and served as CEO and Chairman of the Board of Broadcast International, Inc. from 1984 to 1995, when Data Broadcasting Corporation acquired Broadcast International and created

	CBS MarketWatch

	, a leading financial news site and participated in its initial public offering.  Mr. Egan's prior experience in directing a public company and working with capital markets gives him valuable experience in advising the board on matters of finance and operations.





	On October 14, 2016, Reed L Benson was appointed as a member of the Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Benson does not have any understandings or relationships with third parties pursuant to which he was appointed to the Board.  Mr. Benson became acquainted with us through his position with Co-Diagnostics, Inc. and in that capacity had a prior relationship with us incident to the license of certain technology by us.




	17












	Reed L Benson

	has been Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and director of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. from November 2014 to the present.  Since September, 2008 to the present, in addition to the private practice of law, he is a founder and partner of Legends Capital Group, LLC, a privately-held venture capital group that identifies investment opportunities in natural resources, bio tech and technology fields.  From October 3, 2015 to August 31, 2106 he served on the Board of Directors of Inception Mining, Inc., a publically traded mining Company. From October 2004 to September 2008, he was employed as

	 

	Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and General Counsel and member of Board of Directors of Broadcast International, Inc., a publicly-traded communications services company.  From 2001 to October 2004, he was in the private practice of law, focused on tax and business related matters. From July 1995 to January 2001, he was secretary and general counsel for Data Broadcasting Corporation, a provider of market information to individual investors.   Mr. Benson received J.D. degree from the University of Utah School of Law in 1976 and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Accounting from the University of Utah in 1971.  Mr. Benson became a Certified Public Accountant in 1974.  Mr. Benson's experience in finance, accounting and business consulting and prior public company directorship, provide Mr. Benson with expertise enabling critical input to our Board decision-making process.






	On October 14, 2016, Mr. Robert Salna was appointed as a member of the Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Salna does not have any understandings or relationships with third parties pursuant to which he was appointed to the Board. Mr. Salna became acquainted with us as we sought additional capital investment to fund our business plan and he is now one of our major shareholders.






	Robert P. Salna

	has been President & CEO of a privately held oil production company since 1999 and has been an officer and director of four publicly traded companies since 1988. Mr. Salna received a B.Sc. from the University of Toronto in 1979 and became a licensed Land Surveyor in 1981. He has also been the owner of a land survey business since 1988.  Mr. Salna previously served as a director of Mahdia Gold Corp. until February 3, 2012, when he resigned.



	 



	Ted Murphy

	has been an officer and director of various private and public corporations since 1986, primarily those involved in real estate and natural resources development. Mr. Murphy as CEO was appointed to our Board of Directors on August   , 2016.   Prior to that Mr. Murphy was a key member of a small goal-oriented team that brought several small public companies from bare shell stage to advanced exploration stage in such fast developing areas as Voisey's Bay, Labrador and Kalimantan, Indonesia, and a petroleum exploration company from exploration drilling to building an 18 mile pipeline to put a natural gas field on production in Colorado and Wyoming. In 2011 Mr. Murphy was actively involved in the negotiation and purchase of 11,000 acres of patented mining claims in the area around Nome, Alaska. 

	 



	Employment Agreements





	We have no employment agreements with any of our employees.


	  


	Family Relationships





	There are no family relationships among our officers, directors or affiliates of the Company.


	  


	Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings





	There are no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5% of any class of voting securities of the Company, or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company.  The Company's property is not the subject of any pending legal proceedings.





	To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years:





	 been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences);


	 


	 had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time;


	 


	been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity;





	 been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated;





	  been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity;




	18











	 or  been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.



	 




	Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934





	Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of our common stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities.  Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


	To our knowledge, during the year ended April 30, 2016, our directors, executive officers and greater than 10% shareholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.




	Item 6. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION


	 


	Summary Compensation Table


	 


	SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE


	 





	Name and Principal




	 




	 




	 




	 




	Salary




	 




	 




	Bonus




	 




	 




	Stock



	Awards




	 




	 




	Option



	Awards




	 




	 




	Non-Equity



	Incentive Plan



	Compensation




	 




	 




	Non-Qualified



	Deferred



	Compensation



	Earnings




	 




	 




	All Other



	Compensation




	 




	 




	Totals




	 






	Position




	 




	Year




	 




	 




	($)




	 




	 




	($)




	 




	 




	($)




	 




	 




	($)




	 




	 




	($)




	 




	 




	($)




	 




	 




	($)




	 




	 




	($)




	 






	Dwight H. Egan




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 





	CEO 



	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 






	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 




	 






	Reed L Benson




	 




	 




	2015




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 





	CFO 



	 




	 




	2016




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 




	 




	 




	0




	 





	 



	 




	 



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	None of our named executive officers received any compensation from us during the fiscal years ended April 30, 2015 and 2016.


	 



	Agreements





	We have no employment agreements with any of our named executive officers.





	Option Grants





	We have granted no options since our formation.


	 


	Compensation of Directors





	Our Directors have received no compensation since formation of the Company.





	Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans





	We have no pension, health, annuity, bonus, insurance, stock options, profit sharing or similar plans or benefits.


	 


	Item 7. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


	 


	Related Party Transactions





	On October 13, 2016, we entered into an Exclusive License Agreement with Co-Diagnostics, Inc., our parent and controlling shareholder.  The Exclusive License requires that we pay an initial license fee to Co-Diagnostics of $500,000 and 10% of the gross margin on sales derived from the Licensed Tests or other sources of revenue related to the Licensed Technology.





	Robert Salna, one of our current directors, entered into a subscription agreement with us to purchase 5,888,888 shares of our common stock for a purchase price of $1,060,000 on October 13, 2016, before he became a director.


	 


	Family Relationships





	There are no family relationships among our officers, directors or affiliates of the Company.




	19








	 


	Director Independence





	Three of our directors are employees or affiliate shareholders of the Company.  In addition, Messers Egan and Benson are also employees and directors of Co-Diagnostics, Inc., our Parent corporation.


	 


	Board Committees





	To date no board committees have been formed.


	 


	Item 8. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS





	We are not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which our property is the subject. We also know of no proceedings to which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our securities, or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate or security holder are an adverse party or have a material interest adverse to us.


	 

	 



	Item 9. MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


	 


	Market Information





	Our common stock is quoted for trading by OTC Markets Group under the symbol "WNSS."  However, there is no and has been no active trading market of our securities.


	  


	Holders of our Common Stock





	As of October 19, 2016, there were 30,666,388 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, which were held by 54 stockholders of record.





	Dividends





	We have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock since our formation and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future.  Declaration or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors.  There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends.





	On October 6, 2016, we declared a 4.5:1 stock dividend to shareholders of record as of October 6, 2016.


	  


	Equity Compensation Plans





	We do not have any equity compensation plans.


	 


	Item 10. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES



	Effective October 11, 2016, we entered into a subscription agreement with a director, Robert Salna, an accredited investor, for the sale of 5,888,888 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.18 per share, or $1,060,000. These securities were issued pursuant to exemptions from registration requirements relying on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and upon Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933 as the investor was accredited, there was no general solicitation, and the transaction did not involve a public offering.


	Item 11. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES





	DESCRIPTION OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK


	Our authorized capital stock presently consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share.  As of September 20, 2016, we had 4,505,000 shares of common stock outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock outstanding or designated.  The following is a summary of the terms of our capital stock.


	Common Stock


	Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders and do not have cumulative voting rights.  Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors may elect all of the directors standing for election.  Holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends, as may be declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to the rights of the holders of preferred stock.  Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our company, the holders of common stock, subject to the rights of the holders of preferred stock, are entitled to receive ratably our net assets available after the payment of our debts and other liabilities.  Holders of common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights.  The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable.




	20








	Preferred Stock


	Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the shareholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, powers, preferences, privileges and relative participating, option, or special rights and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of those series, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the common stock.  The board of directors, without shareholder approval, can issue preferred stock with voting, conversion or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock.  Preferred stock could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control or make removal of management more difficult.  The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of decreasing the market price of our common stock and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock.


	 


	Item 12. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS





	The only statute, charter provision, bylaw, contract, or other arrangement under which any controlling person, director or officer of us is insured or indemnified in any manner against any liability which he may incur in his capacity as such, is as follows:


	Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes (the "NRS").  Section 78.138 of the NRS provides for immunity of directors from monetary liability, except in certain enumerated circumstances, as follows:


	"Except as otherwise provided in NRS 35.230, 91.250, 452.200, 452.270, 668.045 and 694A.030, or unless the Articles of Incorporation or an amendment thereto, in each case filed on or after October 1, 2003, provide for greater individual liability, a director or officer is not individually liable to the corporation or its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that:






	(a)




	His act or failure to act constituted a breach of his fiduciary duties as a director or officer; and










	(b)




	His breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law."






	Section 78.5702 of the NRS provides as follows:






	1.




	A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except in an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he:










	(a)




	Is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or










	(b)




	Acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.










	2.




	A corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys' fees actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he:










	(a)




	Is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or










	(b)




	Acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation.






	To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections 1 and 2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation shall indemnify him against expenses, including attorneys' fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense.


	We intend to maintain a directors' and officers' liability insurance policy which, subject to the limitations and exclusions stated therein, covers the officers and directors of the Company for certain actions or inactions that they may take or omit to take in their capacities as officers and directors of the Company.


	Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, but we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.




	21








	Item 13. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA





	The Company's financial statements in its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on July 21, 2016, and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 21, 2016, are incorporated by reference herein. 










	Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.


	 


	Effective October 11, 2016, we entered into a subscription agreement with Robert Salna, an accredited investor who is now a director, for the sale of 5,888,888 shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.18 per share, or $1,060,000. These securities were issued pursuant to exemptions from registration requirements relying on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 and upon Rule 506 of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933 as the investor was accredited, there was no general solicitation, and the transaction did not involve a public offering.




	 






	Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant.


	 


	On October 12, 2016, Co-Diagnostics, in anticipation of the execution of the license agreement described in Item 2.01 herein, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement to purchase 19,800,000 shares of the Company's common stock (the "Shares") from Ted Murphy, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and sole director, for $55,000. On October 19, 2016, Co- Diagnostics closed the purchase by paying the purchase price from its own funds to Mr. Murphy. As there were 30,666,388 shares of Company common stock outstanding on October 19, 2016, the transfer of the Shares to Co-Diagnostics constitutes a change of control as Co-Diagnostics now beneficially owns approximately 64.6% of the voting securities of the Company.








	Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Ofﬁcers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Ofﬁcers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Ofﬁcers.





	The disclosure in Item 2.01 above is incorporated by reference herein.








	Item 5.06 Change in Shell Company Status.





	As a result of the consummation of the license agreement described in Item 2.01 herein (which disclosure in Item 2.01 is incorporated by reference herein), we are no longer a "shell company" as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  We have a specific business plan that we are pursuing as aggressively as possible within the limits of our resources.  The Company is now in the business of developing, selling and distributing the Licensed Tests throughout the world.











	Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.


	 







	Number



	 



	Description





	 


	 


	 





	3.1



	 



	Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 3, 2011)





	 


	 


	 





	3.2



	 



	Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 3, 2011)





	 


	 


	 





	3.3



	 



	Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 28, 2015)





	 


	 


	 





	10.1



	 



	Exclusive License Agreement, dated October 13, 2016, between the Company and Co-Diagnostics, Inc.





	 


	 


	 




	99.1 


	 



	Audited Financial Statements and Notes for Co-Diagnostics, Inc. as of December 31, 2015. 





	 


	 


	 












	SIGNATURES


	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


	 





	 




	ZIKA DIAGNOSTICS, INC.






	 




	 




	 






	Date: January 5, 2016




	By:




	/s/ Dwight H. Egan






	 




	Name:




	Dwight H. Egan






	 




	Title:




	President and CEO






	 




	 



	 




	 







	22


















	Exhibit 10.1










	EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT















	CO-DIAGNOSTICS, INC.


	LICENSOR








	WATERMARK GROUP INC.


	LICENSEE








	October 13, 2016



















































































	EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN







	CO-DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND WATERMARK GROUPINC.










	 1.



	Definitions




	2





	 2.



	Licensee Grant




	4





	 3.



	Licensee Grant




	5





	 4.



	Performance Requirements




	7





	 5.



	License Fees and Royalties




	7





	 6.



	Licensor Development Responsibility




	8





	 7.



	Reports, Records, Penalties and Interest




	8





	 8.



	Confidentiality




	9





	 9.



	Export Controls and Applicable Laws




	10





	 10.



	Warranty and Limitation of Remedy




	11





	 11.



	Product Liability and General Indemnification




	12





	 12.



	Term and Termination




	12





	 13.



	Dispute Resolution and Mediation




	14





	 14.



	Licensee Assignment




	14





	 15.



	Non Use of Licensor Name




	15





	 16.



	Publication




	15





	 17.



	Payment, Notices and Other Communications




	15





	 18.



	Miscellaneous Provisions




	16






	 


	 









	EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT BETWEEN





	CO-DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND WATERMARK GROUP INC.





	This Agreement, effective October 13, 2016, is entered into between Co-Diagnostics, Inc. a Utah corporation, with its principal place of business located at 8160 S. Highland Drive, Sandy, Utah  84093 (referred to in this Agreement as "LICENSOR") and Watermark Group Inc., a  Nevada corporation, with its principal place of business located at 64 Industrial Road, Richmond Hill, Ontario L4C 2Y1 (referred to in this Agreement as "LICENSEE").






	RECITALS






	LICENSOR is the sole owner free and clear of any claims or security, of a certain uniquely designed and patented molecular diagnostic testing technology and related intellectual property that can be used to test for diseases transmitted by mosquitoes as described in detail in schedule "A" attached hereto,









	A.




	LICENSOR is in the business of bringing to market products based on its technology, and desires to develop diagnostic testing products for as many pathogens as it has the financial resources to apply to such development.  LICENSOR does desire to grant an exclusive license to other entities with resources to apply to marketing and selling of tests and commercialization of the existing tests.













	B.




	LICENSOR has in place three (3) US patents and is in the process of obtaining two (2) more additional patents, CE marking designation with ISO 13485 designation and approvals  that are necessary for LICENSEE to market and sell the diagnostic tests in the target markets.












	C.     LICENSEE desires to obtain a license to further develop  and sell existing diagnostic testing tests based on the LICENSOR platform and related proprietary technology licensed herein limited to certain specific mosquito borne diseases upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement.





	In consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained in this Agreement the parties agree as follows:









	TERMS OF AGREEMENT










	1




	Definitions






	 


	For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms, words and phrases shall have the meaning ascribed to them in this Section.




	2











	1.1  "


	ADJUSTED GROSS SALES


	" shall mean LICENSEE's gross receipts or the fair market monetary equivalent value of consideration received for or dependent upon LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, including PRODUCTS which are used, sold, leased, licensed or otherwise transferred by or for LICENSEE, its AFFILIATES, a SUBLICENSEE, or as otherwise authorized by the express written consent of LICENSOR to a property owner, lessor, lessee or manager, producer, distributor or END USER.  ADJUSTED GROSS SALES will include receipts or consideration for consulting, project planning and development, and other project costs that complete the objective of commercializing, marketing and selling the PRODUCTS as performed by LICENSEE, less all costs directly attributable to such use, sale, lease, license or transfer, including costs of goods sold,  actually allowed and borne by LICENSEE or a SUBLICENSEE.  Such qualifying costs shall include but not be limited to the costs of the following:










	A.


	Trade or quantity discounts actually allowed and taken in such amounts as are customary in the trade;













	B.


	Sales and/or use and excise taxes directly imposed with reference to particular sales; and,













	C.


	Costs of goods sold,





	 


	 No deductions shall be made for payments to third parties as commissions paid to individuals, whether they are regularly employed by LICENSEE or by independent sales agents, or for the cost of collections.  For purposes of calculating "ADJUSTED GROSS SALES", the Products shall be considered sold, licensed or transferred when payment has been received.





	1.2  "


	AFFILIATE


	" shall mean any person or entity owned or controlled directly or indirectly by LICENSEE or a SUBLICENSEE or any person or other entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with LICENSEE or a SUBLICENSEE.  The term "control" means possession, direct or indirect, of the powers to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person or entity; whether through ownership, voting securities, beneficial interests, by contract, by agreement, or otherwise.





	1.3  "


	END USER


	" means any person or entity to which LICENSED TECHNOLOGY or PRODUCTS are sold or licensed for testing and not for the purpose of licensing or selling to other persons or entities.





	1.4  "


	FIELD OF APPLICATION


	" means the exclusive rights to LICENSOR'S molecular diagnostic tests for the flavivirus diseases, including and limited to Zika,  dengue, yellow fever, Japanese encephalitis, chikungunya and, on a non-exclusive basis, the non-flavivirus disease malaria is included.





	1.5  "


	IMPROVEMENT(S)


	" means any invention, idea, trade secret or know-how which includes any portion of, or utilizes any portion of, the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY or any derivative product which is directly related to, or which develops, enhances or improves any portion of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, whether or not patentable or otherwise protectable as INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY which is subsequently acquired or developed by LICENSEE during the term of this Agreement.




	3











	1.6  "


	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY


	" means and includes any and all patents, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, and other proprietary rights, and any and all applications and registrations therefore. NEED TO BE DETAILED IN EXHIBIT "A" ATTACHED





	1.7  "


	LICENSED TECHNOLOGY


	" means and includes all of LICENSOR's technology, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, and related enhancements created or developed by LICENSOR and described in LICENSOR'S patents and patent applications and related trade secrets as more particularly described in Exhibit A, which is attached to this Agreement and by reference is incorporated herein and made part of this Agreement.





	1.8  "


	LICENSEE


	" is Watermark Group Inc. Inc. and its AFFILIATES and any other person or entity that becomes a successor in interest to, purchases, merges with, assumes control of, or becomes an assignee of LICENSEE.








	1.9  "


	PRODUCTS


	" shall include all testing reagents and supplies necessary to perform diagnostic testing, including, without limitation, reagents, hardware, software, formula, test kits, and written instructions for testing.





	1.10 "


	SUBLICENSEE


	" is any person or entity, including testing facilities and labs or other individuals or entities, which are licensed pursuant to this Agreement by LICENSEE with rights to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY to market to END USERS PRODUCTS and/or services based upon LICENSED TECHNOLOGY which are developed, enhanced, improved or implemented by said person or entity.





	1.11  "


	TERRITORY


	" means LICENSEE is granted the exclusive right to commercialize the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY (non-exclusive as it pertains to Malaria) and sell Products based thereon worldwide in the FIELD OF APPLICATION.


	 


	2       LICENSOR Grant





	2.1  LICENSOR hereby grants LICENSEE an exclusive right and license to utilize the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY to develop PRODUCTS, processes, and IMPROVEMENTS, to use, produce, sell, lease and otherwise transfer PRODUCTS and LICENSED TECHNOLOGY within the TERRITORY and the FIELD OF APPLICATION as authorized in this Agreement until such time as this Agreement  is terminated.  This grant will extend to the use, production, sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of LICENSED TECHNOLOGY within the TERRITORY and the FIELD OF APPLICATION through an AFFILIATE or through LICENSEE's use of any marketer or distributor and shall authorize any END USERS' use of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY and PRODUCTS sold or transferred by LICENSEE or its AFFILIATES, marketers or distributors.   Provided, however, as the License pertains to Malaria it shall be non-exclusive. LICENSOR acknowledges that any PRODUCTS it sell, distributes or markets relating to malaria will be exclusively useable only for testing malaria.




	4











	2.2  The grants provided under this Agreement shall specifically include the right for LICENSEE to sublicense to SUBLICENSEES its rights under this Agreement to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY with respect to the TERRITORY and the FIELD OF APPLICATION.  All sublicenses granted by LICENSEE shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any sublicense agreement shall have an express provision to this effect.  No sublicense shall relieve LICENSEE of any of its obligations under this Agreement.  Sublicenses under this Agreement shall be structured to guarantee the payment of royalties to LICENSOR in an amount at least equal to the amount of royalties which LICENSOR would have received from LICENSEE had LICENSEE made, sold, licensed, or otherwise sold PRODUCTS or transferred the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY authorized in the sublicense.  LICENSEE agrees to forward to LICENSOR a fully executed copy of each sublicense agreement within thirty (30) days of its execution, and to act as a fiduciary to protect LICENSOR's interests in the sublicense and to collect and transmit to LICENSOR all royalties due. The LICENSOR  agrees that any sale of PRODUCTS to the LICENSEE shall be at price no greater than manufacturing costs plus 20%. The current manufacturing cost of the Products is $0.60 per unit and any cost increase shall not be greater per year than the rate of inflation for the previous year with any increase to be made no more than annually.





	2.3  Nothing in this Agreement shall be considered as granting any rights, express or implied, in LICENSOR's patents, patent applications, inventions, methods, technical, confidential or proprietary information, expertise, know-how, trade secrets or knowledge not specifically licensed in this Agreement, and all rights not expressly granted by this Agreement to LICENSEE are expressly reserved by LICENSOR.  The license granted by this Agreement shall not be construed to confer any rights upon LICENSEE by implication, estoppel or otherwise as to any existing, new or derivative technology not specifically licensed by this Agreement.  The reservation of rights described in this Section is intended to be broadly construed and not to be limited by the definitions set forth in this Agreement.





	2.4  Notwithstanding the exclusive license granted pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the TERRITORY and FIELD OF APPLICATION, LICENSOR reserves the right to make, have made or use the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY and IMPROVEMENTS anywhere in the world for continuing research and non-commercial academic uses without cost provided no revenue or sale is involved.  Moreover, should LICENSOR wish to purchase any services based on LICENSED TECHNOLOGY from LICENSEE or its AFFILIATES LICENSEE agrees to sell such services to LICENSOR at cost plus 20%.


	 






	3




	LICENSEE GRANT






	 


	3.1  LICENSEE hereby grants, assigns, transfers and conveys to LICENSOR all of LICENSEE's right, title and interest in and to all IMPROVEMENTS in or upon LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, and any INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY therein, of any kind or description created or developed by LICENSEE or its SUBLICENSEES.  This grant and assignment shall be absolute and irrevocable, shall survive the termination of this Agreement and is intended to entitle LICENSOR to use said IMPROVEMENTS for their academic purposes as more fully described in Section 2.4 of this Agreement, to entitle LICENSOR to license the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY and IMPROVEMENTS to third parties


	subsequent to termination


	of this Agreement and to entitle LICENSOR to collect royalties.




	5











	3.2  In the event that any of LICENSEE's rights with respect to any IMPROVEMENTS as detailed in Section 3.1 are not fully assignable or otherwise transferable to LICENSOR for any reason whatsoever, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3, LICENSEE shall, and hereby does, grant LICENSOR a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide license in and to all such IMPROVEMENTS and all INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY therein.





	3.3  In furtherance of LICENSEE's obligations under Section 3.1 and Section 3.2, LICENSEE shall take all actions, and shall execute and deliver to LICENSOR, or file with appropriate government agencies, all documents and other materials, as reasonably requested by LICENSOR, in order to permit LICENSOR (or any third party assignee designated by LICENSOR) to perfect and protect its ownership or license of all rights, title and interests in and to all IMPROVEMENTS and INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY therein.





	3.4  LICENSEE agrees to disclose to LICENSOR all information reasonably requested by LICENSOR with respect to any IMPROVEMENTS and INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY therein and to provide and assign to LICENSOR all documents and data, in whatever form, reasonably necessary for LICENSOR to use such IMPROVEMENTS and INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY in the manner contemplated in this Section 3.





	3.5  Nothing in this Agreement shall be considered as granting any rights, express or implied, in LICENSEE's patents, patent applications, inventions, methods, technical, confidential or proprietary information, expertise, know-how, trade secrets or knowledge pre-existing this Agreement, and all rights not expressly granted by this Agreement are expressly reserved by LICENSOR.  The license granted to LICENSOR by this Agreement shall not be construed to confer any rights by implication, estoppel or otherwise as to any existing, new or derivative technology.  The reservation of rights described in this Section is intended to be broadly construed and not to be limited by the definitions set forth in this Agreement.





	3.6  Any INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (IP) discovered or developed jointly and resulting from collaboration between LICENSOR and LICENSEE related to LICENSED TECHNOLOGY and its use shall be owned jointly and either party shall have the non-exclusive right to use same.  If LICENSEE desires exclusive commercial rights to joint IP, these shall be the subject of a future agreement or amendment to this Agreement.




	6








	 


	4          Performance Requirements


	 


	4.1  LICENSEE shall, during the term of this Agreement, use its best efforts to market and utilize LICENSED TECHNOLOGY on a continuous basis in order to maximize the ADJUSTED GROSS SALES through a thorough, vigorous and diligent commercial program.





	4.2  LICENSEE shall have available and offer PRODUCTS based on LICENSED TECHNOLOGY for sale or license by January 1, 2017,or such later date arising as result of timing of marketing program and such offer for sale or license shall be accompanied by advertising and/or other marketing efforts consistent with LICENSEE's new product or service introductions for products of the same nature and which are substantially similar.


	 



	5         


	 License Fees and Royalties



	 


	In consideration of the license granted under this Agreement, LICENSEE shall pay to LICENSOR, the Initial License Fee in the manner designated below and the Earned Royalties and the Pass Through Royalties until the Agreement shall be terminated, as follows:





	5.0  Initial License Fee.  LICENSEE shall pay an initial licensee fee of $500,000 ("Initial Licensee Fee"). This money shall be used based on a mutually agreed use of funds, attached hereto as Exhibit C, with two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000) to be allocated to completion, verification and validation of the Tests.





	5.1  Earned Royalties:  Earned royalties shall be paid quarterly in the amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the ADJUSTED GROSS SALES anywhere in the TERRITORY and FIELD OF APPLICATION of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY or IMPROVEMENTS subject to this Agreement used, leased, licensed, sold or otherwise transferred to an END USER by or for LICENSEE, its AFFILIATES or pursuant to any SUBLICENSEE agreement.





	5.2  Minimum Earned Royalties:  There shall be no annual minimum royalty amount due from LICENSEE.





	5.3     Pass Through Royalties:  A "pass through royalty" to be levied on all license fees and any and all other consideration of any kind or description received by LICENSEE or any AFFILIATE


	from any third party


	which is not an AFFILIATE, distributor, retail outlet or END USER, but


	which is granted a sublicense


	, is assigned rights or receives rights from LICENSEE with respect to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY to make, use, sell, lease, or otherwise transfer LICENSED PRODUCTS or PROCESSES made or developed by the SUBLICENSEE, assignee or transferee and which is not otherwise subject to the earned and minimum royalty provisions of this Agreement.  The pass through royalty shall be paid on all such license fees or consideration, which shall specifically include, but not be limited to, license issue fees, minimum royalties, equity interests or other consideration in excess of earned royalties to which LICENSOR is entitled pursuant to Paragraph and 5.1 of this Agreement.




	7















	A.




	The "pass through royalty" shall be fifty percent (50%) of the ten percent of all applicable consideration which would have been included in Adjusted Gross revenue and this shall not be double counted in regular royalty.













	B.




	Pass through royalty payments shall be payable to LICENSOR quarterly in addition to and contemporaneously with earned royalty payments.  Such pass through royalty payments shall be based on all consideration paid during the applicable three months.  Reporting of such consideration shall be made following the same criteria set forth for earned royalty payments in this Agreement.  In no event shall LICENSOR be entitled to receive both an "earned royalty" and a "pass through royalty" on the same transaction. 









	5.4  Any royalty amount due to LICENSOR arising out of this Agreement shall accrue at the time of use, sale, lease, license or transfer of LICENSED TECHNOLOGY when payment received by LICENSEE and shall be deemed to be held in trust for the benefit of LICENSOR until actual payment of such amounts is received by LICENSEE and made pursuant to this Agreement.






	6.


	 


	LICENSOR Development Responsibility. 



	 


	LICENSOR covenants and agrees to use its lab and personnel to develop and verify tests for the licensed pathogens and Products, specifically a molecular diagnostic test (collectively the "Tests") utilizing the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY for Zika,  dengue, yellow fever, Japanese encephalitis, chikungunya and malaria and a panel test to simultaneously test for all of the licensed Tests in various configurations.  LICENSOR shall have completed the development and lab verification and presented the Tests to LICENSEE within 180 days of the execution hereof and the payment of the Initial Licensee Fee.  The parties acknowledge that the tests for Zika and malaria have been completed and are ready for final clinical validation and that LICENSOR has contacted hospitals in Latin America which are ready for final validation at those hospitals and at any other target market.






	7.


	 


	Reports, Records, Penalties and Interest



	 


	7.1  LICENSEE shall keep, and shall require all SUBLICENSEES, AFFILIATES, and any other party responsible by the terms of this Agreement to make payments to LICENSOR to keep, at their own expense, accurate books of account, using generally accepted accounting principles and practices, detailing all data necessary to calculate and easily audit any payments due to LICENSOR under this Agreement.  These books of account shall be kept at LICENSEE's, AFFILIATE's or SUBLICENSEE's principal place of business.  These books and supporting data shall be open at all reasonable times, upon ten (10) calendar days written notice, throughout the term of this Agreement and for a period of five (5) years following the end of the calendar year to which they pertain, to inspection by LICENSOR or its agents for the purpose of verifying LICENSEE's reports, royalty statements or other compliance with this Agreement.  In the event that any such inspection reveals any underpayment of royalties by LICENSEE, LICENSEE shall promptly rectify any such underpayment.  7.2  LICENSEE, within thirty (30) days after the last day of each full calendar quarter subsequent to the effective date of this Agreement, shall deliver to LICENSOR an accurate written report summarizing in sufficient detail to allow LICENSOR to verify all payment amounts, the data used during the preceding three-month period under this Agreement to calculate the payments due to LICENSOR during the applicable accounting period.  These records and reports shall include at least the following information for the accounting period:




	8
















	A.


	Calculation of ADJUSTED GROSS SALES related to or based on the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY.













	B.


	All qualifying deductible costs claimed as offsets as applicable.













	C.


	Calculation of earned royalties and total royalties due broken down by applicable category as relevant for the business.













	D.


	Names and address of all AFFILIATES and SUBLICENSEES and full reports from them complying with the reporting requirements of Section 7.2  A-C.








	7.3  With each such report submitted, LICENSEE shall pay to LICENSOR all fees, royalties and all other amounts due, payable and arising pursuant to this Agreement.  If no amounts shall be due, LICENSEE shall so report.  All amounts paid to LICENSOR pursuant to this Agreement shall be in United States Dollars unless otherwise agreed in writing between the parties, and the amount of all royalties to be paid to LICENSOR shall be determined on the basis of the relevant currency exchange rate published by

	The Wall Street Journal

	on the last business day of the calendar quarter to which such royalties relate.





	7.4  A penalty will be assessed in an amount equal to 1% percent (.01) of any payment due to LICENSOR arising out of this Agreement if the payment is made more than thirty (30) days late.    Interest will accrue from the thirtieth day after the payment was due at the rate of four percent (4%) per annum.





	7.5  In the event LICENSEE engages an independent auditor or employs an internal auditor for the purpose of verifying the accuracy of its books of account, LICENSEE shall cause said auditor to verify the accuracy of the quarterly reports required in Section 7 of this Agreement, and LICENSEE shall provide to LICENSOR a copy of the report and any documentation generated in the verification process on or before ninety (90) days after the verification process is completed.





	8      Confidentiality


	 


	8.1  The parties agree that as either party receives material provided by the other party which is marked as confidential, or is verbally so designated and confirmed in writing by the disclosing party within thirty (30) days of the receipt of the materials, or which the receiving party would at the time of disclosure reasonably understand under the circumstances to be considered by the disclosing party to be confidential, the receiving party shall take reasonable precautions to protect such material and to preserve its confidential, proprietary or trade secret status during the term of this Agreement and for a period of five (5) years after termination of this Agreement.




	9











	8.2  In determining whether or not information is confidential, the burden of proof shall be upon the receiving party to establish by competent proof and by preponderance of the evidence that such information to be non-confidential was:










	A.


	Already known to the receiving party at the time of disclosure, or













	B.


	Generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the receiving party, or













	C.


	Became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and other than through any act or omission of the receiving party in breach of this Agreement, or













	D.


	Subsequently, lawfully disclosed to the receiving party by a third party.








	8.3  The receiving party may disclose the other party's confidential information only to the extent it is authorized in writing to do so by the disclosing party and such disclosure is reasonably necessary to further the objectives of this Agreement.





	8.4  All of the receiving party's (including AFFILIATES' and SUBLICENSEES') employees and independent contractors with access to the disclosing party's confidential information shall be bound in writing, copies of which shall be retained by the receiving party and submitted to the disclosing party upon request of the disclosing party, to make no unauthorized use or disclosure of the confidential information.





	8.5  Each party agrees that a breach of its obligation to protect the other party's confidential information shall cause immediate and irreparable harm which cannot be adequately compensated by monetary damages.  Accordingly, any breach or threatened breach of confidentiality shall entitle the disclosing party to preliminary and permanent injunctive relief in addition to such remedies as may otherwise be available.






	9


	 


	Export Controls and Applicable Laws



	 


	9.1    LICENSOR  agrees that it will use the Initial License Fee to assist LICENSEE to obtain any necessary export licenses and approvals required to complete sales pursuant to this Agreement.  LICENSEE shall observe and obey all export laws in countries in which it shall do business.





	9.2   In the exercise of its rights, and the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, LICENSEE and LICENSOR shall comply with all applicable laws, regulations and governmental orders.  LICENSEE shall obtain, and shall maintain in full force and effect throughout the continuance of this Agreement, all licenses, permits, authorizations and approvals required under all applicable laws, regulations and governmental orders of the TERRITORY, and shall make all filings, notifications and reports to all relevant governmental agencies, which are necessary or appropriate in order for the performance by LICENSEE of all of its obligations under this Agreement.  In the event that the issuance of any such license, permit, authorization or approval is conditioned upon any modification or amendment to this Agreement that is unacceptable to LICENSOR, LICENSOR shall have the right to terminate this Agreement.




	10












	10


	 


	Warranty and Limitation of Remedy



	 


	10.1  LICENSOR represents that the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY is owned by it free and clear other than a minor security claim which has been completely foreborn provided payments of five thousand dollars ($5,000) a month are paid and the License Agreement has been duly authorized and violates no other contract or agreement and the right to license is unrestricted and is suitable for use for the sale and marketing thereof and of the Products.The licensor warrants that it will keep the forbearance so as not to lose any assets including patents and proprietary information and or materials so as not to cause any harm to the LICENSEE .The LICENSOR will obtain and acknowledgement from the judgement debtor that the investment will not be used to satisfy in any way the amount of its debt and that the LICENSEE has the right to receive notice of default and right to cure same within a period of thirty (30) days.





	10.2 LICENSOR represents that the manufacture of PRODUCTS, the use, lease, or sale of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY will not infringe a copyright or patent granted to others, and confirms that it knows of no such copyright, patent or other proprietary interests which would be so infringed. LICENSOR will use its best efforts to cause the  patents to be issued and make such filings as may be required to protect the rights to the LICENCED TECHNOLOGY and PRODUCTS.






	10.3


	LICENSOR represents that the patents, patent rights, licenses, trade marks, trade mark rights, trade names, trade name rights, service marks, service mark rights, copyrights or similar intellectual property or rights and all applications therefor, used in whole or in part in, or required for use or sale of the LICENCED TECHNOLOGY or PRODUCTS, are owned by the LICENSOR free and clear other than as referenced above and the LICENSOR has the sole and exclusive right to use the same.  All registrations and filings necessary to preserve the rights of the LICENSOR in the LICENCED TECHNOLOGY have been made and are in good standing.  The ownership, use, manufacture, assembly, sale, distribution, installation, maintenance, service and/or commercial exploitation of the LICENCED TECHNOLOGY and/or any product containing or otherwise incorporating any of the LICENCED TECHNOLOGY and sale of the PRODUCTS by LICENCEE do not infringe upon, breach, or in any way violate the patents, licenses, trade marks, trade names, service marks, copyrights or similar intangible or proprietary rights of any other person.  There are no outstanding licenses, covenants not to sue, or any other rights respecting any of the LICENCED TECHNOLOGY issued to any person  anywhere  in the world. There are no suits, actions or other legal proceedings, claims, or investigations of any sort pending or threatened against the LICENSOR  regarding the ownership, use, manufacture, assembly, sale, distribution, installation, maintenance, service and/or commercial exploitation of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY or otherwise relating to the LICENCED TECHNOLOGY.





	11











	10.4 Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has all of the requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform each and every term, provision and obligation of this Agreement, and that neither the execution nor delivery of this Agreement will conflict with or result in a breach of the terms, provisions or obligations of, or constitute a default pursuant to, any other agreement or instrument under which such party is obligated.

	.






	10.5  LICENSOR will not be liable for any loss of profits or for any claim or demand against LICENSEE by any other party unless so awarded. 


	LICENSOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNLESS AWARDED.







	LICENSOR warrants that on completion of field tests and obtaining CE marking designation that PRODUCTS may be sold and commercialized in the Territory


	.







	11


	 


	Product Liability and General Indemnification



	 


	11.1  LICENSOR  warrants the effectiveness and operation of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY and PRODUCTS.  LICENSOR, therefore, agrees to hold LICENSEE harmless and indemnify LICENSEE, its trustees, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all litigation, claims, damages or actions (including reasonable attorneys' fees) that may be instituted against LICENSEE arising out of LICENSEE's marketing, distribution, sale, production, lease, consumption or advertisement of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY or arising from any sale of the PRODUCTS.


	 


	11.2  LICENSEE shall immediately notify LICENSOR of any litigation in which it, its officers or its directors, agents or employees may be involved if there is a reasonable possibility that this Agreement or LICENSOR will be affected and afford LICENSOR reasonable cooperation should LICENSOR elect to make its own defense.


	 



	12


	 


	Term and Termination



	 


	12.1  Subject to earlier termination in accordance with this Section, provided that in the event of any terminating event hereunder Robert Salna has received notice of such event and has had the opportunity to cure such terminating event of default within the time periods set out herein, this Agreement shall commence on the effective date of this Agreement and remain in force indefinitely unless terminated by LICENSOR pursuant to the terms hereof.  LICENSEE may terminate it at any time by giving thirty (30) days' notice.





	12.2  The Agreement may be terminated  by 60 days written notice to LICENSEE by LICENSOR at its election in the event of the occurrence of any one of the following circumstances:




	12
















	A.


	In the event LICENSEE is placed in the hands of a third party receiver or makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors and such event is not cured within a period of 120 days; or





	 







	B.



	In the event that all or substantially all of the assets of LICENSEE or its successor-in-interest are seized or attached in conjunction with any action brought against it by a third party creditor.






	 



	and such event is not cured within a period of 120 days.


	 


	12.3  This Agreement may be terminated effective upon sixty (60) days written notice from LICENSOR and the failure of LICENSEE to cure any breach or default  prior to the expiration of 120 days in any of the following circumstances:











	A.


	In the event LICENSEE becomes insolvent,; or














	C.




	In the event there is a transfer or sale of LICENSEE's business purporting to transfer or assign this Agreement and/or the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY without the prior express written consent of LICENSOR which shall not be unreasonably withheld.


	 












	D.




	In the event, Licensor, its officers and directors and affiliates no longer own a  majority (51%) of the shares of Licensee, and the officers of Licensor are no longer officers of Licensee, and if Licensee fails to pay Earned Royalties when due and if the failure to pay royalties is not cured within 180 days following written notice of such failure to pay, and Robert Salna has been given notice of any such default and has not taken steps to cure such default with a period of 60 days, then the Licensor may terminate this License.










	12.4


	In the event LICENSOR (1) fails to present LICENSEE with all contemplated completed Tests ready for in field validation and deployment to the medical and testing industry on or before 60 days after closing and all approvals for sale within 60 days of closing; (2) fails to prosecute the additional two Patents and CE marking designation ISO 13845 for the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY; (3) sells or assigns (voluntarily or involuntarily) the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY to any party not willing and able to provide lab facilities to satisfy the LICENSOR obligations under this Agreement; or (4) files for bankruptcy protection under the US Bankruptcy Code , LICENSOR shall be in default of this Agreement.  In the event of LICENSOR default, LICENSEE shall the following rights and remedies:











	A.


	LICENSEE may demand the refund of the Initial License Fee, any monies spent in relation to the Products and return of all Shares issued to LICENSOR and LICENSOR, and or its assignee shall pay such Initial License Fee and return such Shares within 10 days of demand.





	 







	B.


	The License granted herein shall be a paid up license and no further royalty payments shall be due and all rights to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY and PRODUCTS shall vest with LICENSEE.







	13














	12.5 Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, the parties shall not be released from any obligation that has matured prior to the effective date of the termination.   LICENSEE may, however, after the effective date of such termination, complete committed projects based on LICENSED TECHNOLOGY or in process as of the time of such termination, provided that LICENSEE shall pay to LICENSOR the royalties and other consideration due on such projects as required by this Agreement and shall submit the reports as required.





	12.6 Upon the termination of this Agreement, any SUBLICENSEE which has not breached in any material way its sublicense agreement may be granted the right to receive a license directly from LICENSOR, at LICENSOR's sole discretion, granting license rights to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY.





	12.7 Upon the termination of this Agreement, LICENSEE shall immediately cease using and return to LICENSOR any uncommitted LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, enhancements and all other materials, documents and information as may have been provided by LICENSOR pursuant to this Agreement, which contain information that is confidential or proprietary to LICENSOR and shall grant back to LICENSOR all of LICENSEE's right, title and interest to all IMPROVEMENTS, with applicable documentation, made by LICENSEE in relation to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY.


	 



	13


	 


	Dispute Resolution and Mediation




	13.1  With respect to any and all claims, disputes or controversies arising out of the performance of or in connection with this Agreement, the parties agree to attempt in good faith to resolve those claims, disputes or controversies by negotiations between the parties.  In the event either party believes the negotiation discussions are likely not to result in settlement, the parties must, in good faith, participate in mediation sessions with a professional mediator to be mutually selected by the parties and the expense of which is to be paid fifty percent (50%) by each party. Robert Salna shall be notified and authorized to participate in any mediation.  In the event, after one or more mediation sessions, either party believes the mediation process is not likely to resolve the dispute by mutual agreement, such party may seek any legal or equitable remedy available through a court of competent jurisdiction.





	13.2  Nothing in this Section shall be construed to waive any rights of timely performance of any obligation existing under this Agreement.






	14          


	Licensee Assignment



	 


	Neither this Agreement nor the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY is assignable by LICENSEE without the express written consent of LICENSOR, which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any attempt to make such an assignment without LICENSOR's written consent may be voided at the election of LICENSOR.  LICENSEE agrees that in the event LICENSOR elects to void an unauthorized assignment that LICENSOR will have suffered immediate and irreparable damage and shall be entitled to immediate injunctive relief.  In the event LICENSOR does not elect to void an unauthorized assignment, LICENSEE agrees that the assignee will be treated in all respects as a LICENSEE   for purposes of this Agreement.  Nothing in this section may be construed to preclude LICENSOR from initiating an independent action against the assignee of the unauthorized assignment or to otherwise pursue other legal or equitable remedies against LICENSEE, the assignee or both.




	14















	15          


	Non Use of LICENSOR Name



	 


	LICENSEE shall not use the name of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. nor of any of its employees, nor any logo or adaptation thereof, in any advertisement, promotion or sales literature without the express prior written consent from LICENSOR in each case, except that LICENSEE may state that it is licensed by LICENSOR.






	16          


	Publication



	 


	LICENSOR shall have the right to publish any academic paper, article or learned treatise and make public disclosure at professional meetings or seminars regarding any portion of the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY which has been or may be invented, conceived or developed by LICENSOR.  However, LICENSOR shall submit the manuscript of any proposed publication or public presentment to LICENSEE for review and comment at least thirty (30) days prior to such submission or presentment, and shall make reasonable changes as requested by LICENSEE in order to protect LICENSEE's business interests and to protect any IMPROVEMENTS on the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY.






	17           


	Payment, Notices and Other Communications



	 


	Any payment, notice or other communication pursuant to this Agreement shall be sufficiently made or given on the date of mailing if sent by certified first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the receiving party at its address designated below or such address as shall be designated by written notice given to the other party.








	LICENSOR:                          


	Co-Diagnostics, Inc.



	8160 S. Highland Drive


	Sandy, Utah  84093






	LICENSEE:                           


	Watermark Group, Inc.



	64 Industrial Road



	Richmond Hill, Ontario, L4C 2Y1





	15











	18


	Miscellaneous Provisions





	 


	18.1 


	Independence of Parties


	.  LICENSOR and LICENSEE are independent parties engaged in independent business and neither party nor any respective agent or employee of either party shall be regarded as an agent or an employee of the other.  Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as reserving to either party the right to control the other in the conduct of its business, nor shall either party have the authority to make any promise, guarantee, warranty or reservation which will create any obligation or liability whether express or implied on behalf of the other.





	18.2 


	Attorneys' Fees


	.  In the event a legal proceeding is commenced in a court of competent jurisdiction to construe or enforce any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing party, in addition to all other amounts to which such party may be entitled, shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party its reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and costs incurred in connection with the proceeding.





	18.3 


	Waiver


	.  No waiver by either party, whether express or implied, of any provisions of this Agreement or of any breach or default of either party, shall constitute a continuing waiver of such provision or a waiver of any other provisions of this Agreement.





	18.4 


	Governing Law


	.  This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Utah.  Venue for any legal disputes shall be in Salt Lake County, Utah.





	18.5 


	Partial Invalidity


	.  Should any Section or any part of a Section of this Agreement be held unenforceable or in conflict with the law of any jurisdiction, the validity of the remaining Sections and Subsections shall not be affected by the invalidity of any other part of the Agreement.





	18.6 


	Force Majeure


	.  Neither party to this Agreement shall be in default because of a delay or failure to perform which is not the result of the defaulting party's intentional or negligent acts or omissions, but results from causes beyond the reasonable control of such party such as acts of God, terrorism, civil disobedience and war.





	18.7 


	Entire Agreement


	.  This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement and understanding between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, whether written or oral.  No modification or claimed waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by authorized representatives of the party against whom such modification or waiver was sought to be enforced.





	18.8 


	Full and Fair Meaning


	.  This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with its fair meaning and shall not be interpreted for or against any party on the ground that such party drafted or caused to be drafted this Agreement or any part thereof.





	18.9 


	Binding Effect


	.  This License Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns and legal representatives of the parties.





	18.10 


	Headings


	.  The paragraph and subparagraph headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience and reference only.  They are not intended to define, limit, or expand the scope of the provisions of this Agreement.




	16














	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement and it is effective this 13th day of October, 2016.








	LICENSOR


	CO-DIAGNOSTICS, INC.



	 






	 



	 /s/ Dwight H. Egan



	 




	 




	 






	By:



	 Dwight H. Egan



	 



	Date



	 






	 



	 President



	 




	 




	 






	 



	 



	 




	 




	 










	LICENSEE


	WATERMARK GROUP INC.





	 






	 



	 



	 




	 




	 






	By:






	 



	Date



	 






	 



	 



	 




	 




	 






	Title:



	 



	 




	 




	 















	17













	EXHIBIT A





	LICENSED TECHNOLOGY





	The LICENSED TECHNOLOGY includes Products and tests based upon the following:






	US patent applications



	US 13/098,348-  "Methods of Preventing Non-Specific Reactions of Nucleotide Sequences"


	US 13/223,787-  "Rapid Oligo Probes"


	US 12/830,243-  "Detection Primers for Nucleic Acid Extension or Amplification Reactions"


	US 12/830242-  "Primers for Nucleic Acid Extension or Amplification Reactions"



	The IP shall also include the Simplex Master Mix formulation, related trade secrets and consulting services to effectively transfer the know-how to a qualified technician







	18














	EXHIBIT B





	NON-DISCLOSURE OF CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AGREEMENT








	This Agreement is entered into between Watermark Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation with its principal place of business located at 64 Industrial Road, Richmond Hill, Ontario L4C 2Y1 (referred to in this Agreement as "LICENSEE") and _______________________________, an employee or contractor of LICENSEE (referred to in this Agreement as "DISCLOSEE").





	LICENSEE and DISCLOSEE agree that they are voluntarily entering into this Agreement for the express benefit of Co-Diagnostics, Inc., a Utah corporation with its principal place of business located at 8160 S. Highland Drive, Sandy, Utah  84093 (referred to in this Agreement as "LICENSOR") and further agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement as follows:






	RECITALS







	1.


	 


	LICENSOR is the sole owner of certain INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY rights related to molecular diagnostic testing and has entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (referred to in this Agreement as the "License Agreement") with LICENSEE to allow for its development and commercialization.







	2.


	 


	DISCLOSEE is an employee or contractor employed by or doing work for hire for LICENSEE.







	3.


	 


	Pursuant to the License Agreement, LICENSEE will receive material and information from LICENSOR which is confidential or proprietary to LICENSOR and LICENSEE has agreed with LICENSOR to take reasonable precautions to preserve the confidential or proprietary status of this material and information during the term of the License Agreement and for a period of five (5) years after termination of the License Agreement.







	4.


	 


	LICENSEE has also agreed with LICENSOR that all of its employees and independent contractors with access to LICENSOR's confidential or proprietary information will be bound in writing to make no unauthorized use or disclosure of the confidential information.  The purpose of this Agreement is to affect compliance with LICENSEE's obligation to protect LICENSOR's confidential information.







	1.


	 



	Definitions








	1.1


	 


	"LICENSED TECHNOLOGY" means and includes all of LICENSOR's technology and INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY referred to in this Agreement as molecular diagnostic testing and related enhancements generated at LICENSOR or improvements developed by LICENSEE as specifically identified on Exhibit A to the License Agreement which exhibit is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Agreement.





	19












	1.2


	 


	"CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION" shall mean and include all material and information provided by LICENSOR to LICENSEE which is marked as confidential, or is verbally so designated and confirmed in writing by LICENSOR within thirty (30) days of receipt of the materials or information by LICENSEE, or which LICENSEE would at the time of disclosure reasonably understand under the circumstances to be considered by LICENSOR to be confidential, proprietary or to constitute a trade secret.







	2.


	 



	Disclosure and Acknowledgment








	2.1


	 


	The parties acknowledge that, from time to time during the term of the License Agreement between LICENSOR and LICENSEE, it may be necessary for CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to be disclosed by LICENSOR to LICENSEE and from LICENSOR or LICENSEE to DISCLOSEE.  The parties acknowledge the provisions of this Agreement are necessary to protect the confidentiality, value, and secrecy of LICENSOR's CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION concerning the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY and to protect LICENSOR's patent and ownership rights to the LICENSED TECHNOLOGY.







	2.2


	 


	Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as conferring upon DISCLOSEE by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any right, title or interest in, or any license under, any LICENSED TECHNOLOGY, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, patent or trade secret now or subsequently owned by LICENSOR.







	2.3


	 


	DISCLOSEE agrees to take all precautions reasonably necessary to maintain the confidential nature of the CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION disclosed to him or her by LICENSOR or LICENSEE or otherwise obtained by him or her in connection with any dealings with LICENSOR or LICENSEE.







	3.


	 



	Use of CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION







	DISCLOSEE agrees as follows:






	3.1


	 


	Not to use the CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION on his or her own behalf or on the behalf of others and to hold in trust for LICENSOR the CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION and any related information, test data, and benefits which arise during the course of employment or work for hire with LICENSEE.







	3.2


	 


	Not to copy, duplicate or in any way record any CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION disclosed to him or her under the terms of this Agreement.







	3.3


	 


	That all ideas, developments, inventions, or improvements relating to the CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION which are discovered by DISCLOSEE or which DISCLOSEE and others conceive during the term of this Agreement shall be promptly disclosed to LICENSEE and to LICENSOR.







	3.4


	 


	That all such ideas, developments or inventions shall be the sole property of LICENSOR and LICENSEE subject to the terms of the License Agreement and to irrevocably assign, transfer and set over to LICENSOR and LICENSEE all rights, title and interest in and to all such ideas, developments or inventions, regardless of whether they may or may not be patentable, as directed by the License Agreement.





	20












	3.5


	 


	To execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all documents, instruments and papers and to do any and all other things that may be deemed to be reasonably necessary by LICENSOR and/or LICENSEE to carry out the provisions of Section 3 of this Agreement.







	3.6


	 


	To render all reasonable assistance to LICENSOR and LICENSEE in preparing copyrights or patent applications and in protecting the rights of LICENSOR and/or LICENSEE and/or their designees in and to any matter which LICENSOR and/or LICENSEE desire to protect under any patent or copyright laws of this or any other country.







	3.7


	 


	In the event that LICENSOR and/or LICENSEE is unable, after reasonable effort, to secure DISCLOSEE's signature on any document or documents needed to apply for or prosecute any patent, copyright or other right or protection relating to any idea or invention, whether because of DISCLOSEE's physical or mental incapacity or for any other reason whatever, DISCLOSEE hereby irrevocably designates and appoints LICENSOR and its duly authorized officers and agents as attorney-in-fact to act in DISCLOSEE's behalf and stead to execute and file any required documents, and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further prosecution and issuance of patents, copyrights or other similar protections with the same legal force and effect as if executed by DISCLOSEE.







	4.


	 



	Term and Termination








	4.1


	 


	DISCLOSEE's obligation of confidence, non-disclosure and non-use pursuant to this Agreement shall be effective for a period of the term of the License Agreement and for a period of five (5) years after termination of the License Agreement provided, however, that DISCLOSEE shall have no obligation of confidence, non-disclosure or non-use with respect to information:






	4.1.1  Already known to DISCLOSEE at the time of the disclosure by LICENSOR to LICENSEE; or





	4.1.2  Was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of disclosure from LICENSOR to LICENSEE; or





	4.1.3  Became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and other than through any act or omission of LICENSEE or DISCLOSEE in breach of the License Agreement or of this Agreement; or






	4.1.4 


	Was subsequently and lawfully disclosed to LICENSEE or DISCLOSEE by a third party.






	4.1.5  Notwithstanding the above subpart of Section 4 of this Agreement, information shall not be considered to be generally known to the public or in the trade if, in order to acquire such information from publicly available sources, DISCLOSEE used CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION to guide him or her in reviewing such sources or to select therefrom a series of unconnected items which may be fit together to match the CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION first learned from LICENSOR and/or LICENSEE.




	21












	4.2 


	Upon termination of the License Agreement or at the conclusion of DISCLOSEE's employment relationship with LICENSEE, or at any time upon receiving written request from LICENSOR or LICENSEE, DISCLOSEE shall return all CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION as well as any and all blueprints, drawings, diagrams, manuals, memoranda, notes, records, books, files, software, data, instruments, paper or any other documents or things pertaining to the CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION and any copies, summaries or compilation of such.







	5.


	 



	Miscellaneous








	5.1 


	In the event DISCLOSEE is in breach of any of its obligations pursuant to this Agreement, both LICENSOR and LICENSEE shall have the right and standing, in addition to any other remedies available to them at law or in equity, to preliminary injunctive relief to enforce the obligation of confidence hereunder until such time as a final adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction is secured.







	5.2 


	In the event a suit is commenced to enforce any obligations of this Agreement, the prevailing party, in addition to any other amounts or remedies to which it may be entitled, shall be paid by the non-prevailing party a reasonable sum for attorneys fees and reasonable costs related to the dispute resolution.







	5.3 


	This Agreement is subject to and shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of Utah and the venue for any dispute resolution shall be in the State of Utah, County of Utah in the State District Court to which jurisdiction the parties to this Agreement irrevocably consent.







	5.4 


	The parties to this Agreement agree that this Agreement is made and entered into for the benefit of LICENSOR and that LICENSOR is a third party beneficiary to this Agreement and has standing to enforce the terms of this Agreement and to avail itself of all other equitable and legal remedies allowable by law as if it were a direct party to this Agreement.







	5.6 


	This Agreement is divisible and separable so that if any provision or provisions shall be held invalid, such holding shall not impair the remaining provisions.







	5.5 


	This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings with respect to the subject matter, whether written or oral.








	22








	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have entered into this Agreement and it is effective as of the __


	13


	________ day of October, 2016.





	LICENSEE:





	Name:      


	/s/ Dwight H. Egan                                                        







	Title:       


	President and CEO                                                         







	Date:       


	October 13, 2016                                                            













	DISCLOSEE:








	Name:       


	/s/ Ted Murphy                                                           







	Title:         


	President                                                                       







	Date:        


	October 13, 2016                                                           












	23








	 







	EXHIBIT C








	Co-Diagnostics



	 


	 





	Use of Funds




	Amt




	$500,000





	 


	 


	 





	Lab expenses to complete develop Flavivirus panel (3 months) 




	$150,000






	3rd Party Test Validation and Travel




	$100,000






	Patent Attorney Expense



	 



	$50,000






	India TB Marketing and validation expenses




	$50,000






	G & A- (including SOX compliant Accounting)



	 



	$150,000






	 




	 




	 






	Total




	 




	$500,000














	24










	25











	Exhibit 99.1


	 


	 



	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC.


	CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS







	 


	 



	December 31, 2015



	 


	 



	December 31, 2014



	 





	ASSETS:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     Current Assets



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	          Cash



	 



	$




	33,805



	 


	 



	$




	214,446



	 





	          Other receivables



	 


	 



	2,000



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	          Prepaid expenses



	 


	 



	116,120



	 


	 


	 



	8,045



	 





	          Total current assets



	 


	 



	151,925



	 


	 


	 



	222,491



	 





	     Property and equipment, net



	 


	 



	112,679



	 


	 


	 



	37,354



	 





	     Long term prepaid expenses



	 


	 



	106,326



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     Total assets



	 



	$




	370,930



	 


	 



	$




	259,845



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT):



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     Current Liabilities



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	          Accounts payable



	 



	$




	98,857



	 


	 



	$




	99,700



	 





	          Accounts payable (related party)



	 


	 



	15,000



	 


	 


	 



	7,891



	 





	          Accrued expenses



	 


	 



	116,028



	 


	 


	 



	13,626



	 





	          Accrued expenses (related party)



	 


	 



	276,894



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	          Current notes payable net of $12,065 and $0 discount, respectively



	 


	 



	487,935



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	          Total current liabilities



	 


	 



	994,714



	 


	 


	 



	121,217



	 





	     Long-term Liabilities



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	          Notes payable net of $787 and $0 discount, respectively



	 


	 



	119,213



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	          Notes payable (related party) net of $618 and $0 discount, respectively



	 


	 



	404,382



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	          Total long-term liabilities



	 


	 



	523,595



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	     Total liabilities



	 


	 



	1,518,309



	 


	 


	 



	121,217



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     Commitments and contingencies



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT):



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	          Common stock, $.001 par value, 180,000,000 shares authorized;   108,704,025 and 90,179,883 shares issued as of December 31,  2015 and 2014, respectively



	 


	 



	108,704



	 


	 


	 



	90,180



	 





	          Additional paid-in capital



	 


	 



	2,278,443



	 


	 


	 



	1,539,806



	 





	          Accumulated deficit



	 


	 



	(3,534,526




	)



	 


	 



	(1,491,358




	)






	          Total stockholders' equity (deficit)



	 


	 



	(1,147,379




	)



	 


	 



	138,628



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)



	 



	$




	370,930



	 


	 



	$




	259,845



	 







	See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




	1













	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC.


	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS







	 


	 



	For the years ended   



	 




	 


	 



	December 31,   



	 




	 


	 



	2015



	 


	 



	2014



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Net sales



	 



	$




	10,000



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 





	Cost of sales



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	Gross profit



	 


	 



	10,000



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Operating expenses:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     Selling and marketing



	 


	 



	281,101



	 


	 


	 



	226,652



	 





	     Administrative and general



	 


	 



	846,825



	 


	 


	 



	482,649



	 





	     Research and development



	 


	 



	806,913



	 


	 


	 



	311,476



	 





	     Depreciation and amortization



	 


	 



	43,140



	 


	 


	 



	13,597



	 





	     Total operating expenses



	 


	 



	1,977,979



	 


	 


	 



	1,034,374



	 





	Total operating loss



	 


	 



	(1,967,979




	)



	 


	 



	(1,034,374




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Other expense:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	     Interest expense



	 


	 



	(75,189




	)



	 


	 



	(13,750




	)






	     Total other expense



	 


	 



	(75,189




	)



	 


	 



	(13,750




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Loss before income taxes



	 


	 



	(2,043,168




	)



	 


	 



	(1,048,124




	)






	Provision for income taxes



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	Net loss



	 



	$




	(2,043,168




	)



	 



	$




	(1,048,124




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Net loss per share – basic and diluted



	 



	$




	(0.02




	)



	 



	$




	(0.01




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Weighted average shares – basic and diluted



	 


	 



	102,998,550



	 


	 


	 



	86,407,006



	 








	See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements




	2













	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC.



	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)




	YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2014 AND 2015







	 


	 



	Common Stock



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 



	Shares



	 


	 



	Amount



	 


	 



	Additional


	Paid-in


	Capital



	 


	 



	Subscriptions


	Receivable



	 


	 



	Retained


	Earnings


	(Deficit)



	 


	 



	Equity


	(Deficit)



	 





	Balance, December 31, 2013



	 


	 



	85,714,285



	 


	 



	$




	85,714



	 


	 



	$




	1,214,286



	 


	 



	$




	(825,000




	)



	 



	$




	(443,234




	)



	 



	$




	31,766



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Common stock issued for cash



	 


	 



	4,465,598



	 


	 


	 



	4,466



	 


	 


	 



	325,520



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	329,986



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Collection of stock subscriptions receivable



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	825,000



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	825,000



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Net loss



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	(1,048,124




	)



	 


	 



	(1,048,124




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Balance, December 31, 2014



	 


	 



	90,179,883



	 


	 


	 



	90,180



	 


	 


	 



	1,539,806



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	(1,491,358




	)



	 


	 



	138,628



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Common stock issued for cash



	 


	 



	8,104,142



	 


	 


	 



	8,104



	 


	 


	 



	461,896



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	470,000



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Common stock issued for services



	 


	 



	4,000,000



	 


	 


	 



	4,000



	 


	 


	 



	227,980



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	231,980



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Dna logix, inc. stock exchange



	 


	 



	6,420,000



	 


	 


	 



	6,420



	 


	 


	 



	1,775



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	8,195



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Stock-based compensation



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	45,498



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	45,498



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Issuance of convertible debt warrants



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	1,488



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	1,488



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Net loss



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	(2,043,168




	)



	 


	 



	(2,043,168




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Balance, December 31, 2015



	 


	 



	108,704,025



	 


	 



	$




	108,704



	 


	 



	$




	2,278,443



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 


	 



	$




	(3,534,526




	)



	 



	$




	(1,147,379




	)









	See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements




	3










	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC.


	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS







	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 



	Years Ended December 31,



	 




	 


	 



	2015



	 


	 



	2014



	 






	Cash flows from operating activities

	:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Net loss



	 



	$




	(2,043,168




	)



	 



	$




	(1,048,124




	)






	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	    Issuance of common stock for services



	 


	 



	9,662



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	    Stock based compensation



	 


	 



	45,498



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	    Accretion of notes payable discount



	 


	 



	23,019



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	    Depreciation and amortization



	 


	 



	43,140



	 


	 


	 



	13,597



	 





	Changes in assets and liabilities:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	    Decrease (increase) in prepaid and other assets



	 


	 



	5,917



	 


	 


	 



	(4,261




	)






	    Increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses



	 


	 



	385,561



	 


	 


	 



	113,560



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	    Net cash used in operating activities



	 


	 



	(1,530,371




	)



	 


	 



	(925,228




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Cash flows from investing activities:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Purchase of fixed assets



	 


	 



	(118,465




	)



	 


	 



	(11,886




	)






	Proceeds from stock exchange



	 


	 



	8,195



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	Payments for lending to related parties



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	(183,470




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	    Net cash used by investing activities



	 


	 



	(110,270




	)



	 


	 



	(195,356




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Cash flows from financing activities:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Proceeds from equity financing



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 





	Proceeds from equity financing (related party)



	 


	 



	470,000



	 


	 


	 



	229,986



	 





	Proceeds from debt financing



	 


	 



	585,000



	 


	 


	 



	15,000



	 





	Proceeds from debt financing (related party)



	 


	 



	405,000



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	Proceeds from stock subscriptions receivable



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	825,000



	 





	Principal payments on debt



	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	(15,000




	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	    Net cash provided by financing activities



	 


	 



	1,460,000



	 


	 


	 



	1,154,986



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Net increase (decrease) in cash



	 


	 



	(180,641




	)



	 


	 



	34,402



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Cash beginning of period



	 


	 



	214,446



	 


	 


	 



	180,044



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Cash end of period



	 



	$




	33,805



	 


	 



	$




	214,446



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	    Interest paid



	 



	$




	32,669



	 


	 



	$




	150



	 





	    Income taxes paid



	 



	$




	--



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Schedule of non-cash (investing) and financing activities:



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	    Settlement of note payable and accrued unpaid interest



	 



	$




	--



	 


	 



	$




	193,066



	 





	    Settlement of related parties receivable



	 



	$




	--



	 


	 



	$




	(193,066




	)






	    Warrants issued with convertible debt



	 



	$




	1,488



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 





	    Shares issued for acquisition



	 



	$




	8,195



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 





	   Shares issued for prepaid services



	 



	$




	231,980



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 








	See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




	4








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015








	Note 1 – Description of Business





	Co-Diagnostics, Inc. ("Company," "CDI,"), a Utah corporation headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, is a molecular diagnostics company formed in April, 2013, that develops, manufactures and markets a new, state-of-the-art diagnostics technology.





	For the year ended December 31, 2014 Co-Diagnostics, Inc. provided significant funding to DNA Logix, Inc. in the form of a purchase of four patent applications (the Original Technology) giving it the exclusive right to commercialize the Original Technology license such that they had become dependent upon one another's success.  Due to this co-dependency, the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 contained in this report are presented combining the net operations of both companies.





	In April 2014, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement related to additional molecular diagnostic technology developed by Dr. Satterfield ("Co-Primer Technology") pursuant to which we paid license fees to DNA Logix.





	In January 2015, the Company entered into a stock exchange agreement with Dr. Satterfield pursuant to which we acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of DNA Logix, Inc., a corporation owned by Dr. Satterfield which was conducting all of our development work on the Original Technology and the Co-Primer Technology.  The Company issued 6,420,000 shares of our common stock in the exchange. Additionally, the Company received $8,195 in cash from DNA Logix, Inc.





	The Company deemed the stock exchange transaction necessary in order to benefit from the DNA Logix lab receiving ISO 13485 and ISO 9001 lab certification for our tuberculosis tests. The Company is in the process of gaining ISO certification for all of the tests that the Company will design, develop, and sell in the future.  The ISO certification allows us to apply for CE marking for sales of our products in countries accepting the CE marking (not in the United States) without further governmental approvals.





	CDI's diagnostics systems enable very rapid, low-cost, sophisticated molecular testing for organisms and genetic diseases by greatly automating historically complex procedures in both the development and administration of tests. CDI's newest technical advance involves a novel approach to PCR primer design (cooperative primers) that eliminates one of the key vexing issues of PCR amplification, the exponential growth of primer-dimer pairs which adversely interferes with identification of the target DNA. In addition CDI scientists have enhanced the understanding of the mathematics of DNA test design, so as to "engineer" a DNA test and automate algorithms to screen millions of possible designs to find the optimum DNA test design.  CDI's proprietary platform of

	Co-Dx™

	technologies integrates and streamlines these steps as it analyzes biological samples.





	Co-Diagnostics'

	CoDx™

	portfolio of molecular diagnostics development products and tests represents a radical new advancement in the understanding of the molecular interactions of DNA. The Company uses highly specialized, proprietary cooperative-theory

	mathematics

	, leading to a

	revolutionary leap forward

	in the detection of infectious diseases, genetic disorders and other conditions.

	CoDx™

	tests are a

	fraction of the cost

	of other DNA-based tests,

	designed for a new generation

	of affordable, mobile point-of-care diagnostic devices and compatible with many other devices, making state-of-the-art diagnostics available

	anywhere in the world

	, including developing countries.





	The Company anticipates future revenues will be derived from licensing agreements and shared-revenue contracts with biotech companies (speed-to-market test development, companion diagnostics), CLIA-certified  clinical reference and research labs, HMO's, pharmacies, clinics and others looking for a low-cost, accurate, adaptable molecular diagnostics system. Additional revenues are expected from direct-selling it's TB, HIV, malaria and other infectious disease tests, as well as additional tests under development, to the private market, governments, charitable foundations and others.




	5








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015





	Going Concern





	The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has incurred losses and has not demonstrated the ability to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to satisfy our liabilities and sustain operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


	We experienced negative cash flow used in operations during the twelve months ending December 31, 2015 of $1,530,371 compared to negative cash flow used in operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 of $925,228.  The negative cash flow was met by cash reserves, sales of our common stock, and most recently from the issuances of short term debt. The amount of our operating deficit could decrease or increase significantly depending on strategic and other operating decisions, thereby affecting our need for additional capital.  We expect our operating expenses will continue until we are able to generate revenue.  To date, we have met our working capital needs primarily through funds received from sales of our common stock and from convertible debt financings.  Until our operations become profitable, we will continue to rely on proceeds received from external funding.  We expect additional investment capital may come from (i) additional private placements of our common stock with existing and new investors and (ii) the private placement of other securities with investors similar to those that have provided funding in the past.


	Our continuation as a going concern is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient income and cash flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis and to obtain additional financing as may be required. The Company is actively seeking options to obtain additional capital and financing. The Company has commenced discussions with potential funding partners for a placement of our stock of up to $10,000,000.  There is no assurance the Company will be successful in our efforts. The accompanying statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.





	Basis of Presentation





	In the opinion of management, the accompanying audited combined financial statements of Co-Diagnostics, Inc. ("we" or the "Company") contain the adjustments, all of which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary to present fairly our financial position at December 31, 2015 and 2014 and the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, with the cash flows for years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.





	Significant Accounting Policies





	Cash and Cash Equivalents





	The Company considers all cash on hand and in banks, and highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less, to be cash equivalents. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the Company had no bank balances in excess of amounts insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.  The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts, and believe the Company is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents.





	Accounts Receivable





	Trade accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a monthly basis. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by identifying troubled accounts and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts. Trade receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of trade receivables previously written off are recorded when collected.




	6








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015





	At December 31, 2015 the Company had a $2,000 receivable owed by the State of Utah as a refund of excess remitted unemployment taxes. There were no receivables due at December 31, 2014.





	Property and Equipment





	Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the property, generally from three to five years.  Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred except when such repairs significantly add to the useful life or productive capacity of the asset, in which case the repairs are capitalized.





	For the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014 property and equipment consisted of the following:









	 


	 



	December 31,



	 




	 


	 



	2015



	 


	 



	2014



	 





	Computers and office equipment



	 



	$




	175,170



	 


	 



	$




	57,282



	 





	Furniture and fixtures



	 


	 



	2,715



	 


	 


	 



	2,138



	 





	Total



	 


	 



	177,885



	 


	 


	 



	59,420



	 





	Less: accumulated depreciation



	 


	 



	(65,206




	)



	 


	 



	(22,066




	)






	Total property and equipment, net



	 



	$




	112,679



	 


	 



	$




	37,354



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Total depreciation expense



	 



	$




	43,140



	 


	 



	$




	13,597



	 











	Earnings (Loss) per Share





	Basic earnings or loss per common share is computed by dividing net income or loss applicable to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each period.  As the Company experienced net losses during the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014 no common stock equivalents have been included in the diluted earnings per common share calculations as the effect of such common stock equivalents would be anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, there were 2,466,667 and 0 potentially dilutive shares, respectively.





	Stock-based Compensation


	The Company accounts for stock-based compensation under the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation   ("ASC 718"), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based awards made to employees and directors based on estimated fair values on the grant date. The Company estimates the fair value of stock-based awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model (the "Black-Scholes Model"). The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense over the requisite service periods using the straight-line method.





	The Company estimates forfeitures at the time of grant and revises its estimate in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates.





	The Company accounts for stock-based compensation awards to non-employees in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees ("ASC 505-50"). Under ASC 505-50, the Company determines the fair value of the warrants or stock-based compensation awards granted as either the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.





	All issuances of stock options or other equity instruments to employees and non-employees as the consideration for goods or services received by the Company are accounted for based on the fair value of the equity instruments issued. Any stock options issued to non-employees are recorded in expense and additional paid-in capital in shareholders' equity over the applicable service periods using variable accounting through the vesting dates based on the fair value of the options at the end of each reporting period.




	7








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015








	Income Taxes





	We account for income taxes in accordance with the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes prescribed by ASC Topic 740.  Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to the taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.





	Deferred taxes are provided on an asset and liability method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences.  Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.





	Revenue Recognition





	The Company recognizes revenue when evidence exists that there is an arrangement between us and our customers, delivery of equipment sold or service has occurred, the selling price to our customers is fixed and determinable with required documentation, and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company recognize as deferred revenue, payments made in advance by customers for services not yet provided.





	In instances where the Company has entered into license agreements with a third parties to use our technology within their product offering, the Company recognize any base or prepaid revenues over the term of the agreement and any per occurrence or periodic usage revenues in the period they are earned.





	Research and Development





	Research and development costs are expensed when incurred.  The Company expensed $806,913 and $311,476 of research and development costs for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.





	Use of Estimates


	The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Such estimates include accounts receivable and inventory reserves, intangible assets and other long lived assets, legal and regulatory contingencies, income taxes, share based arrangements, the derivative liability and others. These estimates and assumptions are based on management's best estimates and judgments. Actual amounts and results could differ from those estimates.





	Recent Accounting Pronouncements


	From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. If not discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued standards, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements upon adoption.




	8








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015


	In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-02

	Leases

	, which requires recognition of leased assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.  This update is effective for annual periods and interim periods with those periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company is evaluating the impact of this standard on its financial statements.


	In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11

	Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory

	, that simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventories by replacing the current lower of cost or market test with a lower of cost or net realizable value test. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is still evaluating the impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.


	In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03

	Interest – Imputation of Interest, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost.

	This standard provides guidance on the balance sheet presentation for debt issuance costs and debt discounts and debt premiums. To simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs, this standard requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company is still evaluating the impact this standard will have on its financial statements and related disclosures.










	Note 2 – Notes Payable





	There were no outstanding notes payable for the year ending December 31, 2014. The recorded value of our notes payable (net of debt discount) for the year ending December 31, 2015 were as follows:







	 


	 



	December 31, 2015



	 





	Beaufort Capital Partners, LLC Convertible Note



	 



	$




	487,935



	 





	Co Diagnostics, Ltd. Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note



	 


	 



	305,000



	 





	Legends Capital Group, LLC Convertible Note



	 


	 



	99,382



	 





	R. Phillip Zobrist Convertible Note



	 


	 



	99,213



	 





	Pine Valley Investments, LLC. Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note



	 


	 



	20,000



	 





	Total



	 


	 



	1,011,530



	 





	Less Current Portion



	 


	 



	(487,935




	)






	Total Long-term



	 



	$




	523,595



	 








	Annual principal payments are as follows:







	Year



	 



	Amount



	 





	2016



	 



	$




	487,935



	 





	2017



	 


	 



	523,595



	 





	2018



	 


	 



	--



	 





	2019



	 


	 



	--



	 





	2020



	 


	 



	--



	 





	Total



	 



	$




	1,011,530



	 








	 




	9








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015






	Beaufort Capital Partners, LLC Convertible Note


	On May 15, 2015 the Company entered into a $500,000 Convertible Promissory Note with Beaufort Capital Partners, LLC. The note bears a 12% annual interest rate and is due monthly. The principal was due on April 30, 2016 and because it was not paid, the note was in default. The holder filed a lawsuit in Third District Court in Salt Lake City, Utah and was awarded a judgment on June 6, 2016.  The holder has agreed to forbear any collection proceedings pursuant to a Forbearance Agreement dated August 8, 2016 through October 31, 2016 in consideration of interest payments which have been made since the Forbearance Agreement was executed.  The note contained a conversion feature allowing the principal and any unpaid accrued interest to be converted into common shares of the company at a rate of $.75 or 20% less than the price of the anticipated Initial Public Offering, whichever is less, per share at the discretion of the note holder. The conversion feature was not accounted for as a derivative because the equity received upon conversion was not readily convertible to cash. Similarly, the equity and liability components of the convertible note were not separately accounted for since the conversion price did not bear any relationship to the value of the privately held stock and the rendering the exercise of the conversion feature improbable than the par value of the stock, the convertible feature of the stock had no determinable value.






	The Company received $490,000 on the origination date with $10,000 being withheld as points paid by the Company, additionally the Company paid a $25,000 finders fee. The $35,000 represented by the points and finders fee has been recorded as a discount to the principal of the note and is being accreted over the term of the note. For the year ending December 31, 2015, $22,934 was accreted for the note discount and included in interest expense. Interest of $37,500 related to the note principal was included in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015.





	Co Diagnostics, Ltd. Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note





	On August 1, 2015 the Company entered into a Revolving

	 

	Line of Credit Promissory Note with Co Diagnostics, Ltd a Turks and Caicos limited company, with a maximum limit on advances of $750,000. Co Diagnostics, Ltd. is a greater than 20% shareholder of the Company. The note bears a 12% annual interest rate on advances received. All accrued and unpaid interest along with the total sum of any outstanding advances is due on September 30, 2017. The note holder agrees that in the event the Company is able to file a Registration Statement for an Initial Public Offering on or before December 31, 2016, the note holder agrees to include the Note principal and accrued interest outstanding on the filing date with the Registration Statement to convert all of the Note principal and accrued interest to common stock of the Company. For the year ending December 31, 2015 the Company had an outstanding balance due on advances received of $305,000 and accrued interest of $10,761.





	Legends Capital Group, LLC Convertible Note





	On November 12, 2015 the Company entered into a $100,000 Convertible Promissory Note with Legends Capital Group, LLC, a Utah limited liability company

	.

	Legends Capital Group is a 12% shareholder of the Company and one of its members is a member of our Board of Directors. The note bears an 8.5% annual interest rate and is due semi annually. The principal is due on September 30, 2017.  The note contains a conversion feature allowing the principal and any unpaid accrued interest to be converted into common shares of the company at a rate of $1.00 or 20% less than the price of the anticipated Initial Public Offering, whichever is less, per share at the discretion of the note holder. The conversion feature was not accounted for as a derivative because the equity received upon conversion was not readily convertible to cash. Similarly, the equity and liability components of the convertible note were not separately accounted for since the conversion price did not bear any relationship to the value of the privately held stock and the rendering the exercise of the conversion feature improbable





	The note holder also received a warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of our common stock at a price of the lesser of $1.50 or the offering price of an initial public offering of the Company common stock during the term of the warrant. The warrant expires on November 12, 2020. the Company calculated a note discount for the value of the warrant received by the note holder of $665 using a Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) risk free interest rate 1.67%, (ii) expected life (in years) of 5; (iii) expected volatility of 97.71%; (iv) expected dividend yield of 0.00%; and (v) stock trading price of $0.058. The Company used the stock prices of a comparable company in determining the expected volatility. The $665 valuation of warrant is being accreted over the term of the note and for the year ended December 31, 2015, $47 was included in interest expense. Interest of $1,133 related to the note principal was included in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015.




	10








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015





	R. Phillip Zobrist Convertible Note





	On December 1, 2015 the Company entered into a $100,000 Convertible Promissory Note with R. Phillip Zobrist.  The note bears an 8.5% annual interest rate and is due semi annually. The principal is due on September 30, 2017.  The note contains a conversion feature allowing the principal and any unpaid accrued interest to be converted into common shares of the company at a rate of $1.00 or 20% less than the price of the anticipated Initial Public Offering, whichever is less, per share at the discretion of the note holder. The conversion feature was not accounted for as a derivative because the equity received upon conversion was not readily convertible to cash. Similarly, the equity and liability components of the convertible note were not separately accounted for since the conversion price did not bear any relationship to the value of the privately held stock and the rendering the exercise of the conversion feature improbable.





	The note holder also received a warrant to purchase up to 50,000 shares of our common stock at a price of the lesser of $1.00 or the offering price of an initial public offering of the Company common stock during the term of the warrant. The warrant expires on November 12, 2020. the Company calculated a note discount for the value of the warrant received by the note holder of $824 using a Black-Scholes pricing model with the following assumptions: (i) risk free interest rate 1.59%, (ii) expected life (in years) of 5; (iii) expected volatility of 97.60%; (iv) expected dividend yield of 0.00%; and (v) stock trading price of $0.058. The Company used the stock prices of a comparable company in determining the expected volatility. The $824 valuation of warrant is being accreted over the term of the note and for the year ended December 31, 2015, $37 was included in interest expense. Interest of $708 related to the note principal was included in interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2015.





	Pine Valley Investments, LLC. Revolving Line of Credit Promissory Note





	On December 30, 2015 the Company entered into a Revolving

	 

	Line of Credit Promissory Note with Pine Valley Investments, LLC. a Utah limited liability company, with a maximum limit on advances of $100,000. The note bears a 12% annual interest rate on advances received. All accrued and unpaid interest along with the total sum of any outstanding advances are due on September 30, 2017. The note holder agrees that in the event the Company is able to file a Registration Statement for an Initial Public Offering on or before December 31, 2016, the note holder agrees to include the Note principal and accrued interest outstanding on the filing date with the Registration Statement to convert all of the Note principal and accrued interest to common stock of the Company. For the year ending December 31, 2015 the Company had an outstanding balance due on advances received of $20,000 and accrued interest of $5.





	2014 Promissory Note





	On August 18, 2014 Co-Diagnostics, Inc. entered into a $15,000 promissory note with a Trust. The note bore a 12% annual interest rate. The $15,000 principal and $150 of interest expense was paid on September 30, 2014.





	Secured Convertible Promissory Note





	On April 16, 2013 DNA Logix, Inc. entered into a $170,000 Secured Convertible Promissory Note with Henry Colman Satterfield III. The note bore an 8% annual interest rate and was due on April 16, 2017.  The note contained a conversion feature allowing the principal and any unpaid accrued interest to be converted into common shares of the company at a rate of $.30 per share at the discretion of the note holder. The conversion feature was not accounted for as a derivative because the equity received upon conversion was not readily convertible to cash. Similarly, the equity and liability components of the convertible note were not separately accounted for since the conversion price did not bear any relationship to the value of the privately held stock and the rendering the exercise of the conversion feature improbable.





	On December 1, 2014 a Satisfaction of Promissory Note agreement was executed where in the Secured Convertible Promissory Note (Note) was satisfied and canceled under the following terms; 1) the $170,000 Note principal and $23,066 of accrued but unpaid interest shall be satisfied as of December 31, 2014, 2) the Note was hereby satisfied and of no further force nor effect and DNA Logix, Inc. shall have no further responsibility regarding the Note and 3) the Note Holder agreed to accept common stock from a shareholder of DNA Logix, Inc. in satisfaction of the Note and DNA Logix, Inc. had no obligation to issue any shares of common stock to the note Holder. For the 12 months ending December 31, 2014, $13,600 was included in interest expense. The satisfaction of the Note was accomplished between a shareholder of DNA Logix, Inc and the Note Holder.  See Note #4.  No income statement recognition has been included on the financial statements of the Company at December 31, 2014 as a result of this satisfaction.




	11








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015








	Note 3 – Stock-based Compensation


	In accordance with ASC Topic 718, stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the awards, and recognized as expense ratably over the requisite service period of the award for awards expected to vest.


	Stock Incentive Plans



	Under the Co Diagnostics, Inc 2015 Long-term Incentive Plan (the "2015 Plan"), the board of directors may issue incentive stock options,

	share equivalents such as restricted stock awards, stock bonus awards, performance shares and restricted stock units

	to employees and directors and non-qualified stock options to consultants of the company. 

	Options generally expire ten years after being granted.  Options granted vest in accordance with the vesting schedule determined by the board of directors, usually ratably over a three-year vesting schedule upon anniversary date of the grant with the first 1/3 vesting on the grant date.  Should an employee terminate before the vesting period is completed, the unvested portion of each grant is forfeited. The Company have used the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate fair value of our stock-based awards, which requires various judgmental assumptions including estimated stock price volatility, forfeiture rates, and expected life.  Our computation of expected volatility is based on market-based implied volatility.  The 2015 Plan reserves an aggregate of 6,000,000 shares.  The number of unissued stock options authorized under the 2015 Plan at December 31, 2015 was 4,500,000.





	Stock Options



	The Company estimates the fair value of stock option awards granted beginning January 1, 2015 using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.  The Company then amortizes the fair value of awards expected to vest on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the period from the grant date to the end of the vesting period.  The Black-Scholes valuation model

	requires various judgmental assumptions including the estimated volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected option term.  Our computation of expected volatility is based on market-based implied volatility. 

	The risk-free interest rate was based on the yield curve of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond on the date the stock option award was granted with a maturity equal to the expected term of the stock option award.  The expected option term is derived from an analysis of historical experience of similar awards combined with expected future exercise patterns based on several factors including the strike price in relation to the current and expected stock price, the minimum vest period and the remaining contractual period.



	The fair values for the options granted in 2015 were estimated at the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:






	 


	 



	Year Ended December 31, 2015



	 






	Risk free interest rate


	 




	 


	 



	1.22




	%







	Expected life (in years)


	 




	 


	 



	5.5



	 






	Expected volatility


	 




	 


	 



	97.73




	%







	Expected dividend yield


	 




	 


	 



	0.00




	%







	Stock price


	 




	 



	$




	0.058



	 








	The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2015 was $0.04 per share.




	12








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015


	 


	Warrants


	The Company

	estimates the fair value of issued warrants on the date of issuance as determined using a Black-Scholes pricing model.  The Company amortizes the fair value of issued warrants using a vesting schedule based on the terms and conditions of each associated underling contract, as earned.  The Black-Scholes valuation model

	requires various judgmental assumptions including the estimated volatility, risk-free interest rate and warrant expected exercise term.  Our computation of expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and market-based implied volatility. 

	The risk-free interest rate was based on the yield curve of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond on the date the warrant was issued with a maturity equal to the expected term of the warrant.



	The fair values for the warrants granted in 2015 were estimated at the date of grant using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:






	 


	 



	December, 31, 2015



	 






	Risk free interest rate


	 




	 


	 



	1.59%-1.67




	%







	Expected life (in years)


	 




	 


	 



	5.0



	 






	Expected volatility


	 




	 


	 



	97.60%-97.71




	%







	Expected dividend yield


	 




	 


	 



	0.00




	%







	Stock price


	 




	 



	$




	0.058



	 








	The weighted average fair value of warrants granted during the years ended December 31, 2015 was $0.013-$0.017 per share.


	For the year ended December 31, 2015 the Company recognized $45,498 of stock based compensation expense recorded in our general and administrative department for options granted to 10 employees of the company to purchase an aggregate of 1,550,000 shares of our common stock.  Additionally, the Company issued an aggregate of 100,000 warrants to two of our convertible note holders.





	The following table summarizes option and warrant activity during the year ended December 31, 2015.









	 


	 



	Options



	and



	Warrants



	Outstanding



	 


	 



	Weighted Average Exercise Price



	 


	 



	Weighted Average Fair Value



	 


	 



	Weighted



	Average



	Remaining Contractual


	Life (years)



	 





	Outstanding at January 1, 2015

	 




	 


	 



	--



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	Options granted

	 




	 


	 



	1,550,000



	 


	 


	 



	0.05



	 


	 


	 



	0.04



	 


	 


	 



	9.05



	 





	Warrants issued

	 




	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	1.25



	 


	 


	 



	0.01



	 


	 


	 



	4.90



	 





	Expired

	 




	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	Forfeited options

	 




	 


	 



	(50,000




	)



	 


	 



	0.05



	 


	 


	 



	0.04



	 


	 


	 



	9.05



	 





	Forfeited  warrants

	 




	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 





	Exercised

	 




	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Outstanding at December 31, 2015



	 


	 



	1,600,000



	 


	 



	$




	0.13



	 


	 



	$




	0.04



	 


	 


	 



	8.79



	 










	13










	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015





	The following table summarizes information about stock options and warrants outstanding at December 31, 2015.




	 


	 


	 



	Outstanding



	 


	 



	Exercisable



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Weighted



	Average



	Remaining



	 


	 



	Weighted


	Average



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Weighted


	Average



	 





	Range of


	Exercise Prices



	 


	 



	Number


	Outstanding



	 


	 



	Contractual


	Life (years)



	 


	 



	Exercise


	Price



	 


	 



	Number


	Exercisable



	 


	 



	Exercise


	Price



	 





	$




	0.05-0.99



	 


	 


	 



	1,500,000



	 


	 


	 



	9.05



	 


	 



	$




	0.05



	 


	 


	 



	1,000,000



	 


	 



	$




	0.05



	 




	 



	1.00-1.50



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	4.90



	 


	 


	 



	1.25



	 


	 


	 



	100,000



	 


	 


	 



	1.25



	 





	$




	0.05-1.50



	 


	 


	 



	1,600,000



	 


	 


	 



	8.79



	 


	 



	$




	0.13



	 


	 


	 



	1,100,000



	 


	 



	$




	0.16



	 








	There were no options exercised in the year ended December 31, 2015.


	Total unrecognized stock-based compensation was $22,455 at December 31, 2015, which the Company expects to recognize over the next year in accordance with vesting provisions.





	Fair Value Measurements





	The carrying amounts of our accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their immediate or short-term maturities.  The aggregate carrying amount of the notes payable approximates fair value as the individual notes bear interest at market interest rates and there has not been a significant change in our operations and risk profile.





	Note 4 – Related Party Transactions





	The Company acquired the exclusive rights to the Co-Primer technology pursuant to a license agreement between us and Dr. Satterfield dated April, 2014, and pursuant to which the Company pay Dr. Satterfield minimum royalty payments of $30,000 per month until the Company receive an equity funding of at least $4,000,000, at which time the payments increase to $60,000 per month for the remainder of the year at which time the payments increase again unless renegotiated.  For the year ending December 31, 2015 the Company included a $360,000 expense for this license agreement in research and development.  For the year ending December 31, 2014, Co – Diagnostics, Inc, paid DNA Logix, Inc an aggregate of $270,000 for Dr. Satterfield's license fee which was eliminated in the consolidation of the financial statements contained in this report.





	During 2015 the Company financed our operations through short term loans with related parties and through the deferral of payment to related parties for expenses incurred.  In total the Company accrued $276,894 in expenses and had accounts payable of $15,000 for technology royalties, consulting fees, and interest on related party debts at December 31, 2015.  In addition the Company had long-term notes outstanding from two related party entities totaling $404,382 at December 31, 2015.





	At December 31, 2014 Dr. Satterfield's drawing account with DNA Logix, Inc. was $193,066 resulting from an overage in the drawing account.  In satisfaction of the drawing account and to settle the secured convertible promissory note and accrued unpaid interest, the Note Holder agreed to accept shares of DNA Logix, Inc, held by Dr. Satterfield in exchange for $193,066 of principal and interest due.  No income statement recognition has been included on the financial statements of the Company at December 31, 2014 as a result of this satisfaction.







	14








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015


	Note 5 – Lease Obligations





	Our executive offices are located at 8160 S Highland Dr. Sandy Utah 84093.The Company occupies three suites at an executive office facility on a month to month basis at a rate of $1,555 plus usage charges per month.  Our laboratory and product development facility is located at 585 W 500 S Bountiful Utah, 84010, and consists of approximately 3,971 square feet of space leased under a multi-year contract at a rate of $3,671 per month which expires on December 31, 2016. The Company's lease rent obligation is as followings:








	Year



	 



	Amount



	 





	2016



	 



	$




	44,052



	 





	Total



	 



	$




	44,052



	 









	Note 6 – Income Taxes






	 


	Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of December 31, 2015 and 2014:








	 


	 



	2015



	 


	 



	2014



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Deferred tax assets



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	NOL carry-forward


	 




	 



	$




	1,009,800



	 


	 



	$




	543,500



	 






	Sec 179 carry-forwards


	 




	 


	 



	2,400



	 


	 


	 



	2,400



	 






	Depreciation


	 




	 


	 



	11,100



	 


	 


	 



	8,600



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	Valuation allowance


	 




	 


	 



	(1,023,300




	)



	 


	 



	(554,500




	)







	Net deferred tax asset


	 




	 



	$




	--



	 


	 



	$




	--



	 






	 


	The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 due to the following:







	 


	 



	2015



	 


	 



	2014



	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Book loss



	 



	$




	(799,500




	)



	 



	$




	(517,800




	)







	Depreciation


	 




	 


	 



	(1,400




	)



	 


	 



	5,300



	 






	Meals and entertainment


	 




	 


	 



	1,000



	 


	 


	 



	1,300



	 





	Other non-deductible expenses



	 


	 



	21,500



	 


	 


	 



	--



	 






	Change in valuation allowance


	 




	 


	 



	778,400



	 


	 


	 



	511,200



	 




	 


	 



	$




	-



	 


	 



	$




	-



	 








	At December 31, 2015 the Company had net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $2,589,000 that may be offset against future taxable income from the year 2016 through 2032.  No tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2015 and 2014 consolidated financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount.  Additionally, DNA Logix, Inc. is a pass through entity and therefore no provision or liability for federal income tax has been included in the consolidated financial statements for that entity.


	Due to change in ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry-forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations.  Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry-forwards may be limited as to use in future years.


	The Company's policy on the classification of interest and penalties related to income taxes is to recognize the interest and penalties in the period incurred.  There were no penalties or interest incurred for the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2014 related to income taxes.0.  2013, 2014 and 2105 are the tax years that remain subject to IRS and state examination.




	15








	CO – DIAGNOSTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


	December 31, 2015


	Note 7 – Equity





	2015





	For the year ended December 31, 2015 the Company issued 8,104,142 shares of our common stock to a single corporation for $470,000.





	For the year ended December 31, 2015 the Company issued warrants to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $1.50 to one company.  The Company also issued warrants to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $1.00 to one individual.  These warrants were issued to our convertible note holders with an aggregate value of $1,488.





	For year ended December 31, 2015 the Company issued 6,420,000 shares of our common stock to DNA Logix, Inc. in exchange for all of DNA Logix, Inc.'s issued and outstanding shares, additionally the Company received $8,195 in cash.





	For year ended December 31, 2015 the Company issued 4,000,000 shares of our common stock a single corporation pursuant to a services agreement valued at $231,980.  The term of the services agreement expires on May 31, 2017. For the year ending December 31, 2015 the Company included $9,662 related to the services provided in general and administrative expense.





	2014


	For year ended December 31, 2014 the Company issued 4,465,598 shares of our common stock to 2 companies valued at $329,986. Additionally the Company received $825,000 from the receipt of subscriptions receivable.





	Note 8 – Subsequent Events.






	In January 2016,

	The Board of Directors issued an aggregate of 1,800,000 stock options, with an exercise price of $.05 per share, to 10 employees and 1 consultant for services rendered.





	During 2016 the Company borrowed an aggregate of $304,985 from two related parties.  These notes bear a 12% annual interest rate and are payable on September 30, 2017.

	 

	The note holders agree that in the event the Company is able to file a Registration Statement for an Initial Public Offering on or before December 31, 2016, the note holders agree to include the Note principal and accrued interest outstanding on the filing date with the Registration Statement to convert all of the Note principal and accrued interest to common stock of the Company.





	During 2016 the Company borrowed an aggregate of $208,500 from five companies.  These notes bear a 12% annual interest rate and are payable on September 30, 2017.

	 

	The note holders agree that in the event the Company is able to file a Registration Statement for an Initial Public Offering on or before December 31, 2016, the note holders agree to include the Note principal and accrued interest outstanding on the filing date with the Registration Statement to convert all of the Note principal and accrued interest to common stock of the Company.





	During 2016 the Company borrowed $200,000 from an individual who is an accredited investor.  The note bears a 12% annual interest rate.  All accrued and unpaid interest along with the principal amount of the note is due on December 31, 2017.





	On October 13, 2016, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement (the "License Agreement") with Watermark Group, Inc. for certain of the Company's diagnostics tests. The Company received $500,000 as an initial license royalty and as part of the transaction purchased sixty five (65%) percent of Watermark for $55,000 and will consolidate its operations in the future.





	The Company evaluated subsequent events pursuant to ASC Topic 855 and have determined that there are no additional events that need to be reported.




	16












	 


Click to enlarge


	 


	 















The Watermark Group - Office in San Antonio


FoursquareLog InSign UpNearby:Get inspired:Top PicksTrendingFoodCoffeeNightlifeFunShoppingPlanning a trip to San Antonio?Foursquare can help you find the best places to go to.Find great things to doThe Watermark GroupOfficeNortheast San Antonio, San AntonioSaveShareTipsThe Watermark GroupNo tips and reviewsLog in to leave a tip here.PostNo tips yetWrite a short note about what you liked, what to order, or other helpful advice for visitors.0 PhotoRelated Searchesthe watermark group san antonio  the watermark group san antonio photos  the watermark group san antonio location  the watermark group san antonio address  the watermark group san antonio  the watermark group san antonio  watermark group san antonio  the watermark group northeast san antonio san antonioAboutBlogBusinessesCitiesDevelopersHelpJobsCookies (Updated)Privacy (Updated)TermsEnglishEnglish Français Deutsch Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português Русский Español ภาษาไทย Türkçe Cities:AtlantaAustinBostonChicagoDallasDenverHoustonLas VegasLos AngelesNew YorkPhiladelphiaPortlandSan DiegoSan FranciscoSeattleWashington, D.C.Countries:BelgiumBrazilCanadaChileFinlandFranceGermanyGreat BritainHungaryIndonesiaJapanMexicoNetherlandsPhilippinesRussiaSingaporeSpainThailandTurkeyMore Great Places in San Antonio:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz#Foursquare © 2017  Lovingly made in NYC & SFThe Watermark GroupGate Crest (Perrin Beitel)San Antonio, TXUnited StatesGet directions See MoreUnited States » Texas » Bexar County » San Antonio » Northeast San AntonioProfessional & Other Places » OfficeIs this your business? Claim it now.Make sure your information is up to date. Plus use our free tools to find new customers.You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.comWe use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience.Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue.Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you!


WMHH Annual Income Statement - Watermark Group Inc. Annual Financials



































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Watermark Group Inc.

                  OTC: WMHH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Watermark Group Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min



WMHH

/quotes/zigman/72556392/delayed


$
0.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume n/a
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/72556392/delayed
Previous close

$



$
				0.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        


















Income Statement


Balance Sheet


Cash Flow Statement


Annual Financials
Quarter Financials




Annual Financials for Watermark Group Inc.


View Ratios




Fiscal year is May-April. All values USD millions.
20122013201420152016
5-year trend





 Sales/Revenue
            
-----


Sales Growth
-----


 Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) incl. D&A
-----


COGS excluding D&A
-----


Depreciation & Amortization Expense
-----


Depreciation
-----


Amortization of Intangibles
-----


COGS Growth
-----


 Gross Income
-----


Gross Income Growth
-----


Gross Profit Margin
-----NA









20122013201420152016
5-year trend




 SG&A Expense
33,05238,84535,89133,26943,906


Research & Development
-----


Other SG&A
33,05238,84535,89133,26943,906


SGA Growth
-17.53%-7.60%-7.31%31.97%


Other Operating Expense
-----


Unusual Expense
(52,894)----


EBIT after Unusual Expense
19,842----


Non Operating Income/Expense
-----


Non-Operating Interest Income
-----


Equity in Affiliates (Pretax)
-----


 Interest Expense
1,5983,2574,5594,6376,829


Interest Expense Growth
-103.82%39.98%1.71%47.27%


Gross Interest Expense
1,5983,2574,5594,6376,829


Interest Capitalized
-----


 Pretax Income
18,244(42,102)(40,450)(37,906)(50,735)


Pretax Income Growth
--330.77%3.92%6.29%-33.84%


Pretax Margin
-----NA


Income Tax
-----


Income Tax - Current Domestic
-----


Income Tax - Current Foreign
-----


Income Tax - Deferred Domestic
-----


Income Tax - Deferred Foreign
-----


Income Tax Credits
-----


Equity in Affiliates
-----


Other After Tax Income (Expense)
-----


Consolidated Net Income
18,244(42,102)(40,450)(37,906)(50,735)


Minority Interest Expense
-----


 Net Income
18,244(42,102)(40,450)(37,906)(50,735)


Net Income Growth
--330.77%3.92%6.29%-33.84%


Net Margin Growth
-----NA


Extraordinaries & Discontinued Operations
-----


Extra Items & Gain/Loss Sale Of Assets
-----


Cumulative Effect - Accounting Chg
-----


Discontinued Operations
-----


Net Income After Extraordinaries
18,244(42,102)(40,450)(37,906)(50,735)


Preferred Dividends
-----


Net Income Available to Common
18,244(42,102)(40,450)(37,906)(50,735)


 EPS (Basic)
0.00(0.01)(0.01)(0.01)(0.01)


EPS (Basic) Growth
--350.00%0.00%0.00%0.00%


Basic Shares Outstanding
4.5M4.5M4.58M4.63M4.51M


 EPS (Diluted)
0.00(0.01)(0.01)(0.01)(0.01)


EPS (Diluted) Growth
--350.00%0.00%0.00%0.00%


Diluted Shares Outstanding
4.5M4.5M4.58M4.63M4.51M


 EBITDA
(33,052)(38,845)(35,891)(33,269)(43,906)


EBITDA Growth
--17.53%7.60%7.31%-31.97%


EBITDA Margin
-----NA




            Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
        







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:07 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Watermark Group Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















watermark group inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Medical Devices
Watermark Group, Inc. manufactures medical devices. The Company operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

7 Dey Street
Suite 1503
New York, NY 10007
United States


Phone:
1-212-330-8151


Fax:
-





Board Members




Board Members
Company


Robert Salna
Dover Petroleum Corp




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




WATERMARK GROUP INC - VIENNA, VA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



VIENNA



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            WATERMARK GROUP INC
                                    



 





















W 


WATERMARK GROUP INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2809 SHAWN LEIGH DR VIENNA, VA 22181
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Watermark Group Inc was founded in 2011, and is located at 2809 Shawn Leigh Dr in Vienna. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







W

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Upload a Data File – The Watermark Group












































































Skip to content



The Watermark Group
Strategic Integrated Solutions


Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Branded Data










Upload a Data File





To upload files with data and/or mailing lists directly to our secure server, use the following resource:





If you already have an ExaVault account with us, click below to log in and upload your files:


EXAVAULT LOG IN









ExaVault offers secure uploading for your data files
Files up to 4TB can be uploaded
Track files with activity logs and notifications
Unlimited users and transfers

Contact your Watermark Group sales representative for more information.






If you need an ExaVault account, fill out the form below completely:



Company*Name*


First



Last

Email*

Select Your Sales Representative*-Select-Art SnowDavid SantosGary RodriguezJeanne CaliandroMark MendezTom KampWe are a New Client

 

















Go to Top






















TWG360solutions – The Watermark Group









































































Skip to content



The Watermark Group
Strategic Integrated Solutions


Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Your Brand Materials Warehouse 










TWG360solutions



       Online Storefront      Personalized, secured storefront for authorized users to view and order materials 24/7/365.
         Material Storage      Consolidate all your print, direct mail campaigns and promotional materials into one desktop location.
         Optimized Logistics      Consolidated shipment of materials reduces administrative time, order and shipment costs.
         Inventory Levels      Eliminate out-of-stocks, receive email alerts on low inventory and automate replenishment of your inventory items.
         Dashboard Reporting      Analyzing consumption of materials is a click away.
    



Save time, reduce storage space and optimize shipping costs in managing your print, direct mail campaigns and promotional materials. Gain new ROI insights to inventory, orders, shipments and consumption across all departments in real time.
We apply your business rules to a personalized online storefront. Your anticipated benefits include:

Improved Materials Management
Reclaim office space, return time across all functional departments, while adding visibility and accountability to the consumption of corporate materials.
On-Line Ordering
Leverage your existing technology to streamline processes, increase visibility, enforce accountability and understand the return on your virtual and physical inventory items. Enforce restrictions and limits by user type, and group users by department or cost center.
Real-Time Inventory & Automated Replenishment
Drive efficiency in ordering by accessing item receiving and usage history. Optimize those slow moving printed materials through print-on-demand virtual inventory. Elevate your order fill rates and user satisfaction levels.
Cost Center Accounting
Our administrative dashboard provides an array of product inventory, order, and shipment reports tailored to your organization and accounting codes.
Optimized Logistics
Selecting the proper delivery service is streamlined, generating weekly savings by consolidating what may be separate orders from multiple departments into a single order and shipment, reducing shipping costs.



TEST DRIVE







Go to Top
















 



Watermark EPS | The Stormwater and Wastewater Experts  

































 









 




— Main Menu —About Us - Company Overview (PDF)
- Distribution Overview (PDF)
- Pump Stations and Pre-Packaged Systems (PDF)
Product Lines - Lift Stations and Collection Systems
- Stormwater Management
- Septic System/Precast
- Municipal Infrastructure & Wastewater Treatment Plant
- Indiana Line Card
- Kentucky Line Card
- Ohio Line Card
Manufacturers
Portfolio
Contact Us
 


About Us

Company Overview (PDF)
Distribution Overview (PDF)
Pump Stations and Pre-Packaged Systems (PDF)


Product Lines

Lift Stations and Collection Systems
Stormwater Management
Septic System/Precast
Municipal Infrastructure & Wastewater Treatment Plant
Indiana Line Card
Kentucky Line Card
Ohio Line Card


Manufacturers
Portfolio
Contact Us
 



 
 
  



 
 
 
Who We RepresentThe manufacturers we work with are the best and most respected in the industry segments we service.


Learn More »Cyntheanne Park ProjectWe worked collaboratively with the Town of Fishers and the building contractor. The result? On-time and under budget.


Learn More »Who We AreWe're a manufacturer’s representative based in Noblesville, Indiana with decades of experience in the wastewater and stormwater industries.


Learn More »









 
 
 






						Copyright 2017 Watermark EPS					






 






















Mailing – The Watermark Group



































































Skip to content



The Watermark Group
Strategic Integrated Solutions


Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Delivering Brand Presence










Mailing Services





Drive performance across all your marketing channels. Return time to your sales team and raise your perceived call frequency with both your current and potential customers. Your brand deserves a longer ‘desk-life’ than an electronic 2 second view and delete.







Assist in the designing of your mail piece to meet USPS guidelines
Postage estimate upon receiving your list and mailing parameters
Perform data hygiene on mailing lists, validating delivery points and reducing undeliverable mail
USPS Postal One Platinum Certified provider, performing USPS pre-sort for lowest postage rate
Presort Mail & Electronic Data Processing
Electronic File Conversion
CASS Certification and Delivery Point Validation
Mail Merges & Laser Printing
Merge & Purge Duplicates
Bulk Mail Sorting & Processing
Custom List Procurement and Management
Customer Data Profiling







Letter & Envelope Matching
Machine & Hand Folding, Inserting, & Sealing
Collating, Stapling, Packaging
Metering & Live Stamping
High-speed, High Resolution Direct Imprint
Apply Tabs & Wafer Seals and/or Fugitive Glue
Custom Hand Work
Field Alignment
Create Business Reply/Courtesy Reply mail with IMB using USPS approved software
NDC and SCF drop shipments anywhere in USA

















Go to Top






















Test Drive – The Watermark Group







































































Skip to content



The Watermark Group
Strategic Integrated Solutions


Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Home SolutionsPrinting Bindery Mailing TWG360solutions Consultation  Promotional Products Client ResourcesUpload a File Upload a Data File Forms Library Test Drive  AboutOur Team Community Sustainability  Contact Us Prepress Portal 




Brand Compliance










Test Drive 





Try our solutions to get a feel for the time and costs savings that automating your sales and marketing materials management can bring.



Branded Storefront       Branded Storefront      – coming soon –
    


Your secured, on-demand portal for printing

business cards
brochures
marketing materials
postcards
stationery
forms
& more

Digital printing opens the world of data driven communications to your brand and remote office locations. Customize and populate information from the most basic levels of changing the name and address, to more intricate communications changing text, graphics and images specific to an individual customer, market or segment.


TWG360solutions








Your customized asset management portal

on-demand printing
material storage
optimized logistics
real-time inventory
reporting
accountability

Return more time to your entire organization while adding visibility, accountability and real-time access to the consumption of your sales and marketing assets. Streamline your reorder process and save shipping charges by consolidating your materials in one location. Our Branded Storefront digital printing capabilities are built into TWG360solutions allowing on-demand materials to be combined with stock items and promotional materials.










Go to Top




















Amenity Kit Suppliers & Onboard Hospitality Products | Galileo Watermark














































NYC 01:07
LHR 06:07
HKG 13:07
SYD 15:07






				Menu
			








About Us

Our Company
The People
News


Industries

Airlines
Hotels
Cruises
Retail


Products

Meal Service
Amenity Kits
Soft Furnishings & Sewn Goods
Kids
Skincare
Sleepwear
Bath & Body
Ancillary items
Bathroom comfort
Washroom supplies
Pens
Audio


How We Work

How We Work
Product Development & Design
Prototyping
3D Printing
Production
Distribution, Freight & Logistics
Account Management
Quality Assurance


Our Work

Clients
Case Studies

Etihad Airways Business Class
Virgin Australia
Delta Airlines
Air Tahiti Nui
Cathay Pacific
Air Serbia




Contact Us

Request a Call Back


 






Award-Winning amenities
 
We partner with the world’s leading airlines to deliver innovative and industry leading onboard solutions


				Find out more			
















About us
Galileo Watermark is the newly formed company comprising of staff and leading designers from Galileo Products and Watermark Products, across four offices worldwide.









Our Capability
Galileo Watermark provides a holistic, end-to-end design service across multiple categories focusing on customer needs and delivering the very best passenger experience.


















 
