




SEC Info - WRL Series Annuity Account - ‘N-4/A’ on 7/28/00 - EX-99.A9










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




WRL Series Annuity Account – ‘N-4/A’ on 7/28/00 – EX-99.A9On:  Friday, 7/28/00, at 5:13pm ET   ·   Accession #:  1016843-0-567   ·   File #s:  333-31228, 811-05672
Previous ‘N-4’:  ‘N-4/A’ on 4/10/00   ·   Next:  ‘N-4’ on 10/1/14   ·   Latest:  ‘N-4’ on 10/1/14



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 7/28/00  WRL Series Annuity Account        N-4/A                  7:510K                                   RR Donnelley Fin'l/FAF-->Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement for a Separate Account (Unit Investment Trust)   —   Form N-4Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-4/A       Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement    147    925K 
                          for a Separate Account (Unit Investment                
                          Trust)                                                 
 3: EX-99.2     Miscellaneous Exhibit                                  2     10K 
 4: EX-99.2.A   Miscellaneous Exhibit                                  2      8K 
 7: EX-99.A4    Miscellaneous Exhibit                                  6     15K 
 2: EX-99.A9    Miscellaneous Exhibit                                 15±    58K 
 5: EX-99.C1    Miscellaneous Exhibit                                  2      6K 
 6: EX-99.C1A   Miscellaneous Exhibit                                  2      6K 

D-->EX-99.A9   —   Miscellaneous Exhibit
P-->EX-99.A91st "Page" of 9TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
                                                                   EXHIBIT 99.A9

 Exhibit 5

Application for Flexible Payment Variable Accumulation Deferred Annuity Contract

P-->EX-99.A92nd "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
[PHOTO]                                                                         

Freedom Variable Annuities                                                      
Variable Annuity Application                                          

[LOGO OF WRL]                                                                   

P-->EX-99.A93rd "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
Application Instructions                                                        
1       Annuitant                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Please provide all of the information requested for the Annuitant. The Annuitant
is the person/individual who will receive the Annuity Payments and whose life   
expectancy payments are based.                                                  

Please provide the Annuitants Taxpayer Identification Number, this is also known
as the Social Security Number.                                                  

2       Contract Owner                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Complete ONLY if Contract Owner is not the same as the Annuitant. Please provide
all of the information requested for the Contract Owner. Should the Owner be a  
Trust, a complete trust date must be supplied. A copy of the Trust Certification
should also be included. If this is to be an Individual Retirement Annuity, the 
Contract Owner must be the same as the Annuitant.                               

Please provide the Contract Owners Taxpayer Identification Number. For          
individuals, this is the Social Security Number, for Corporations, this is the  
Federal Employer Tax Identification Number.                                     

3       Joint Contract Owner                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE: IF THIS CONTRACT IS INTENDED TO BE AN INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ANNUITY (IRA),
A JOINT CONTRACT OWNER IS NOT PERMITTED.                                        

Joint Owners may be named in the Wealth Creator only, provided the Joint Owners 
are husband and wife.                                                           

4       Beneficiary Designation                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If the Annuitant is also the Owner or if the Owner is not a natural person, and 
the Annuitant dies before the maturity date, a death benefit is payable. The    
Primary Beneficiary, if living, is entitled to receive the death benefit        
proceeds. If the Primary Beneficiary is already deceased, the Contingent        
Beneficiary, if designated, will receive the death benefit proceeds; otherwise, 
the proceeds will be paid to the Owners estate. The relationship of the         
Beneficiary to the Annuitant must be provided. In the event of death of one     
Joint Owner, the contract will continue with the surviving Joint Owner as sole  
Owner. If Owner and Annuitant are natural people but not the same person, a     
death benefit is not payable upon death of either. (Please consult the          
prospectus)                                                                     

5       Replacement                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Contract Owner must answer the replacement question. If replacing a life    
insurance policy or an annuity contract from another company, please check the  
box marked Yes, and complete the required form(s). If not replacing a policy or 
a contract, check the box marked No.                                            

6       Type of Plan                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indicate the type of plan being applied for.                                    

(IRA sources: TransferTrustee to Trustee; Rollover/Direct RolloverQualified     
Retirement Plan to IRA, (Trustee to Trustee or Trustee to                       
Individual/Participant); from a Direct Rollover with the intent to roll back    
into another Qualified Retirement Plan)                                         

7       Purchase Payments                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Refer to the prospectus for the minimum initial purchase payment, payable by    
check, wire transfer*, 1035 Tax Free Exchange, Custodian to Custodian Transfer, 
Direct Rollover or a combination thereof. Indicate the initial purchase amount  
if enclosed with the application.                                               

* Call the home office.                                                         

8       Allocation or Purchase Payments                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payments may be allocated to any combination of the available Sub-Accounts, or  
the Fixed Account. Please indicate each allocation selected as a whole          
percentage of the Purchase Payment; note that the total allocations must equal  
100%. Future Purchase Payments will be allocated as shown in this section,      
unless Western Reserve Life is notified differently by the Contract Owner.      

9      Statement of Owner                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Owner must sign, as indicated, exactly as the name appears in either Item 1,
if Annuitant and Owner are the same, or in Item 2, if Annuitant and Owner are   
different. In the event of Joint Owners, both Joint Owners must sign, as        
indicated, exactly as the name appears in Item 2 and Item 3. The State in which 
the application was written and the date signed are also required.              

NOTE: SOME STATES REQUIRE THAT THE CONTRACT OWNER(S) ACKNOWLEDGE A FRAUD WARNING
STATEMENT. PLEASE REFER TO THE FRAUD WARNING STATEMENT ON THE REVERSE SIDE OF   
THE APPLICATION.                                                                

10      Broker/Dealer Information                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Registered Representative must complete all of the information. Please be   
sure the replacement question is answered.                                      

P-->EX-99.A94th "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
                                                   Optional Feature Instructions

11      Automatic Monthly Investing                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Complete this section if Automatic Monthly Investing by electronic funds is     
desired. A voided, unsigned check from the bank account to be debited must be   
attached to the application. The amount debited will be allocated according to  
the instructions in Section 8 of the Application, or as subsequently changed by 
the Owner. Credit Unions and Savings accounts may not be eligible. Automatic    
Partial Surrenders are not available in conjunction with this feature.          

12      Telephone Transfer                                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your variable annuity contract will automatically receive telephone transfer    
privileges described in the applicable prospectus unless instructions to the    
contrary are indicated.                                                         

  Western Reserve Life will not be liable for complying with the telephone
instructions it reasonably believes to be authentic, nor for any loss, damage,  
costs or expense in acting on such telephone instructions, and Owners will bear 
the risk of any such loss. Western Reserve Life will employ such procedures to  
confirm that the telephone instructions are genuine. Such procedures may        
include, among others, requiring forms of personal identification prior to      
acting upon such telephone instructions, providing written confirmation of such 
transactions to Owners and/or tape recording of telephone transfer request      
instructions received. If Western Reserve Life does not employ such procedures, 
it may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or fraudulent instructions.     

13a     Dollar Cost Averaging                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Complete this section if Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA) is desired. If selected,   
Western Reserve Life will automatically transfer the stated amount(s) from the  
designated Sub-Account(s) or the Fixed Account* to the other Sub-Account(s) or  
Fixed Account indicated on the chosen date of each month. The Dollar Cost       
Averaging feature is a long-term investment method which provides for regular,  
level investments over time. Western Reserve Life makes no guarantee that the   
Dollar Cost Averaging feature, if implemented, will result in a profit or       
protect from loss. To complete this section, indicate the Sub-Account(s) or     
Fixed Account* from which the Dollar Cost Averaging is to be made, one          
Sub-Account or Fixed Account* per From line. A minimum of $10,000 ($5,000 for   
Wealth Creator) must be allocated in each Sub-Account chosen (or Fixed Account*)
at the time this option is initiated. At least $1,000 ($100 Wealth Creator) in  
the aggregate must be transferred each month. DCA is only available from the WRL
AEGON Bond Account, WRL J.P. Morgan Money Market Account or the WRL Fixed       
Account.                                                                        

* No more than 1/10 of the amount in the Fixed Account at the beginning of the  
Dollar Cost Averaging can be transferred each month. (Note: This option is not  
available if the Asset Rebalancing option is selected.)                         

13b     Asset Rebalancing                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Complete this section if Asset Rebalancing is desired. If selected, Western     
Reserve Life will automatically transfer amounts among the chosen Sub-Accounts  
quarterly, semi-annually or annually to maintain a desired allocation of the    
annuity purchase value among the various Sub-Accounts offered. Western Reserve  
Life makes no guarantee that the Asset Rebalancing feature, if implemented, will
result in a profit or protect against loss. The minimum amount for this feature 
is $5,000 Wealth Creator, $10,000 Attainer, $25,000 Bellwether. (Note: This     
option is not available if the Dollar Cost Averaging option is selected.)       

13c     Automatic Partial Surrenders                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Owner(s) may select to withdraw up to 10% of the Contract value annually,   
payable in equal monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, or annual installments of at  
least $200 per month. To be eligible, a minimum initial payment of $25,000 must 
accompany this application. A penalty tax equal to 10% of the amount of the     
withdrawals treated as taxable income will generally be imposed on the          
withdrawals prior to the Owners age 5912. Withdrawals will be processed on the  
date specified herein. If the date an Automatic Withdrawal transaction would    
otherwise be processed falls on a non- business day, the Automatic Withdrawal   
will be processed on the next business day. For Tax-Qualified contracts, or if  
the Owner(s) is/are a resident of a community property state, spousal signature 
is required. If an alternate payee is designated, and the payee is a bank       
account, the Automatic Withdrawal will be directly deposited by electronic funds
transfer. If the payee is not a bank, please allow 7 to 10 days for receipt of  
funds by mail. Indicate whether or not to withhold Federal income tax from the  
withdrawal payments.                                                            

Note: This option is not available if THE Automatic Monthly Investing option is 
selected.                                                                       

14      Approval of Optional Features                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If any of the Optional Features available in Section(s) 11, 12 and 13 have been 
selected, please complete this section by printing and signing your name as     
indicated.                                                                      

For assistance in completing this application, please call your dedicated 800   
line and dial extension 6525 for our Sales Support Team.                        

Please Mail Application and Check Payable to:                                   
Western Reserve Life Assurance Co. of Ohio                      
Attention: Annuity Department                                   
P.O. Box 9051                                                   
Clearwater, FL 33758-9051                                       

If Overnight Delivery:                                                          
Western Reserve Life Assurance Co. of Ohio                      
Attention: Annuity Department                                   
8550 Ulmerton Road, Suite 101                                   
Largo, FL 33771                                                 

P-->EX-99.A95th "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
Variable Annuity Application                                                    
                                      Western Reserve Life Assurance Co. of Ohio
                                         P.O.Box 9051, Clearwater, Florida 33758

ANNUITY Selection (Check one)                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[ ]  WRL Freedom Attainer          [ ] WRL Freedom Bellwether                   
[ ]  WRL Freedom Wealth Creator    [ ] Other _______________                    

1       Annuitant                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         [ ]  Male   [ ]  Female

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Last                            First                             MI            

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address                                                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
City                                    State                      Zip          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Social Security Number                                                          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)                                                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Daytime Telephone                                                               

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E-Mail Address (optional)                                                       

2       Contract Owner (If other than annuitant)                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         [ ]  Male   [ ]  Female

Last                            First                               MI          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address                                                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
City                                    State                       Zip         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Social Security Number                                                          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)                                                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Daytime Telephone                                                               

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
E-Mail Address (optional)                                                       

3       Joint CONTRACT OWNER (Optional) Wealth Creator only                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         [ ]  Male   [ ]  Female

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Last                            First                               MI          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address                                                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
City    State   Zip                                                             

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Social Security Number                                                          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)                                                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Daytime Telephone                                                               

4       Beneficiary Designation                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Primary Beneficiary                                                             
Name                                                   Relationship to Annuitant

First                           Last                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contingent Beneficiary                                                          
Name                                                   Relationship to Annuitant

First   Last                                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(If more than one Primary or Contingent Beneficiary is                          
designated, proceeds will be divided equally among the survivors within the     
classification unless otherwise indicated.)                                     

5       Replacement                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Required: Will this Annuity replace or change any existing Annuity or Life      
Insurance?                                                                      

[ ] Yes [ ] No If Yes, give name of company and policy number below:            

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Company Name                                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Policy Number                                                                   

6       Type of Plan                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ]  Non-Qualified        [ ]  SEP/IRA      [ ]  SIMPLE IRA                     
[ ]  Roth IRA             [ ] Traditional IRA                                   
[ ]  Other ___________________________________________                          

(Indicate the source of the IRA below)                                          
[ ]   Transfer             [ ]   Conduit                                        
[ ]   Rollover/Direct Rollover                                                  
[ ]   Contributory: tax year ______________________________                     

7       Purchase payments                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Make Check Payable to Western Reserve Life                                      

Initial Purchase Payment $______________________________                        

[ ]  Automatic Monthly Investing                                                
(Complete preauthorization section)                                     

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 

P-->EX-99.A96th "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
8       Allocation of Purchase Payments*                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WRL Janus Growth ...........................................................   %
WRL Janus Global ...........................................................   %
WRL Alger Aggressive Growth ................................................   %
WRL VKAM Emerging Growth ...................................................   %
WRL AEGON Bond .............................................................   %
WRL AEGON Balanced .........................................................   %
WRL LKCM Strategic Total Return %                                               
WRL Federated Growth & Income ..............................................   %
WRL J.P. Morgan Money Market ...............................................   %
WRL J.P. Morgan Real Estate Securities .....................................   %
WRL Dean Asset Allocation ..................................................   %
WRL GE U.S. Equity .........................................................   %
WRL GE International Equity ................................................   %
WRL Third Avenue Value .....................................................   %
WRL NWQ Value Equity .......................................................   %
WRL C.A.S.E. Growth ........................................................   %
WRL Goldman Sachs Growth ...................................................   %
WRL Goldman Sachs Small Cap ................................................   %
WRL T. Rowe Price Dividend Growth ..........................................   %
WRL T. Rowe Price Small Cap ................................................   %
WRL Salomon All Cap ........................................................   %
WRL Pilgrim Baxter Mid Cap Growth ..........................................   %
WRL Dreyfus Mid Cap ........................................................   %
WRL Great Companies - America(SM)...........................................   %
WRL Great Companies - Technology(SM)........................................   %
WRL Value Line Aggressive Growth ...........................................   %
Fidelity VIP III Growth Opportunities ......................................   %
Fidelity VIP II Contrafund .................................................   %
Fidelity VIP Equity-Income .................................................   %
Fixed Account ..............................................................   %
Other ......................................................................   %
Other ......................................................................   %
                                                                      Total 100%

* In some states the initial premium payment will be allocated to the WRL       
J.P.Morgan Money Market sub-account during the right to examine period.         

9 Statement of Owner                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(If applicable, complete the state specific fraud warning)      

I hereby represent my answers to the above questions are true to the best of my 
knowledge and belief. I agree that this application shall be a part of the      
annuity contract. I have received a current Prospectus for the contract. I      
understand that I should consult my own tax advisor and/or legal counsel as to  
the consequences of using this product in conjunction with my own particular tax
or financial plan. I understand that under the contract applied for values may  
increase or decrease depending upon investment experience. I also state that the
contract is in accordance with my financial objectives. The standard maturity   
date is the anniversary nearest Annuitants age 90.                              
The standard annuity option is variable account life annuity with 120 
    monthly payments guaranteed. Option to change election is permitted by the
contract.                                                             
Under penalty of perjury, I (the owner) certify that my Taxpayer I.D. # is      
correct as it appears on the application and that I am not subject to backup    
withholding.                                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Signed in (State)                                                               

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Date Signed                                                                     

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Signature of Contract Owner                                                     

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Signature of Joint Owner (if any, Wealth Creator only)                          

10      BRoker/Dealer INformation (Registered Representative use only)          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I certify that (1) the Applicant signed this completed Application in my        
presence; (2) I am authorized and qualified to discuss the contract herein      
applied for.                                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Registered Representative Signature     Date                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Print RR Name, Agent Number, Production %, State License (If Applicable)        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name of Broker/Dealer                              Dealer Number   Dealer Branch

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Phone Number                                                    Fax #           

      [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ]        High    Mid    Level   (Wealth Creator only
RR Number                  --------------------                 
          (circle one)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Split case information (if applicable)                                          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Print RR Name, Agent Number, Production %, State License (If Applicable)        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Phone Number    Fax #                                                           

[ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ]                                                             
RR Number                                                             

Required: Will this contract replace or change any existing life insurance or   
annuity in this or any other company? l Yes l No If Yes, explain                

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2                 

P-->EX-99.A97th "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
Optional Features                                                               

11      Automatic Monthly Investing  (Attach voided check)                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ ] I authorize the making of Purchase Payments by electronic funds transfer on 
a monthly basis, in the amount of $__________________, beginning on the         
__________ day of each month (except the 29th, 30th, or 31st). I have attached  
to this form a voided, unsigned check from the bank account to be debited. I may
notify Western Reserve Life at the Administrative Office to cancel this         
authorization at any time. (Note: Credit unions and savings accounts may not be 
eligible please consult your banking institution.)                              

12      Telephone transfer (See prospectus for telephone transfer procedures)   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your Variable Annuity Contract will automatically receive telephone transfer    
priviledges described in the prospectus unless instructions to the contrary are 
indicated below. These priviledges allow you to give the registered             
representative of record for your contract authority to make telephone transfers
and to change the allocation of future payments among the Sub-Accounts and the  
Fixed Account (restrictions may apply) on your behalf according to your         
instructions.                                                                   
[ ] I do not want telephone transfer privileges as described above.             

13a     Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA) (Minimum $10,000 needed in attainer,        
$25,000 Bellwether, $5,000 Wealth creator)                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I hereby request and authorize Western Reserve Life to transfer funds from the  
selected Sub-Account(s) or Fixed Account* to invest in the portfolio(s), in the 
amount indicated below. The transfers are to be made on the ___________ day of  
the month (except the 29th, 30th, or 31st). The minimum total to be transferred 
each month is $1,000 for Attainer and Bellwether, $100 for Wealth Creator. (* No
more than 110 of the amount in the Fixed Account at the beginning of the Dollar 
Cost Averaging can be transferred each month.)                                  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                            
Transfer From:       $_____________________  $_____________________  $_____________________ 
                      WRL AEGON Bond          WRL Fixed Account*      WRL J.P. Morgan       
                                                                      Money Market          

Transfer To:                                 Transfer To:                                   

___________________  $_____________________  ______________________  $______________________

___________________  $_____________________  ______________________  $_____________________ 

Note: The first transfer will take place the month following the issuance of the
contract. I understand that DCA transfers do not guarantee a profit and do not  
protect against a loss. I further understand and agree: (1) Western Reserve Life
shall not be subjected to any claim, loss, liability, cost or expense if it acts
in reliance upon the instructions contained in the authorization; and (2) this  
authorization shall not affect the allocation of future net purchase payments;  
and (3) once elected, transfers will be processed monthly until the earlier of: 
(a) the date the entire value of each Sub-Account or the Fixed Account from     
which transfers are made is completely depleted; (b) the date Western Reserve   
Life receives written instructions from me at the Administrative Office to      
cancel the monthly DCA transfers; or the date Western Reserve Life discontinues 
this DCA transfer privilege.                                                    

13b     Asset Rebalancing (Minimum initial purchase payment of $5,000 Wealth    
Creator, $10,000 Attainer, $25,000 Bellwether)                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I hereby request and authorize Western Reserve Life to automatically transfer   
amounts among the chosen Sub-Accounts (as indicated below) on the frequency     
selected to maintain a desired allocation of the Annuity Purchase Value among   
the various Sub-Accounts offered.                                               
Frequency:      [ ]  Quarterly    [ ]  Semi-Annual  [ ]  Annual                 

Note: Western Reserve Life will effect the initial rebalancing of the Cash Value
on the next such anniversary, in accordance with the Contracts current Net      
Purchase Payment Allocation schedule. Asset Rebalancing will be processed in the
frequency requested until the earlier of: (a) the date Western Reserve Life     
receives written instructions from me at the Administrative Office to cancel the
Asset Rebalancing or (b) the date any transfer is made to, or from any          
Sub-Account, other than a scheduled rebalancing: or (c) the date Western Reserve
Life discontinues this Asset Rebalancing privilege. Asset rebalancing is not    
available for any amounts in the Fixed Account.                                 

Sub-Account Asset Rebalancing Allocation                                        

$________ WRL VKAM Emerging Growth                                              
$________ WRL T. Rowe Price Small Cap                                           
$________ WRL Goldman Sachs Small Cap                                           
$________ WRL Pilgrim Baxter Mid Cap Growth                                     
$________ WRL Alger Aggressive Growth                                           
$________ WRL Third Avenue Value                                                
$________ WRL GE International Equity                                           
$________ WRL Janus Global                                                      
$________ WRL Salomon All Cap                                                   
$________ WRL Janus Growth                                                      
$________ WRL Goldman Sachs Growth                                              
$________ WRL C.A.S.E. Growth                                                   
$________ WRL GE U.S. Equity                                                    
$________ WRL Dreyfus Mid Cap                                                   
$________ WRL NWQ Value Equity                                                  
$________ WRL T. Rowe Price Dividend Growth                                     
$________ WRL Dean Asset Allocation                                             
$________ WRL LKCM Strategic Total Return                                       
$________ WRL J.P. Morgan Real Estate Securities                                
$________ WRL Federated Growth & Income                                         
$________ WRL AEGON Balanced                                                    
$________ WRL AEGON Bond                                                        
$________ WRL J.P. Morgan Money Market                                          
$________ WRL Great Companies - America(SM)                                     
$________ WRL Great Companies - Technology(SM)                                  
$________ WRL Value Line Aggressive Growth                                      
$________ Fidelity VIP III Growth Opportunities                                 
$________ Fidelity VIP II Contrafund                                            
$________ Fidelity VIP Equity-Income                                            
$________ Other                                                                 
$________ Other                                                                 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3 

P-->EX-99.A98th "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
Optional Features                                                               

13c      Automatic Partial Surrenders (Minimum initial premium of $25,000)      
         (Fixed account not available) Aggregate Partial Surrender cannot exceed
10% of cash value annually                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
subject to the provisions of the prospectus and this authorization, I hereby    
request and authorize Western Reserve Life to systematically make partial       
surrenders of $__________________________(minimum $200) per month, $600 per     
quarter, $1,200 semi-annually, $2,400 annually, beginning                       
(month/year)_____________/_____________ on the _______________ day (except the  
29th, 30th, or 31st) of each frequency selected from the Sub-Accounts shown     
below and to make payment to me unless a different payee is named below.        

[ ] Standard Systematic Partial Surrender                                       
[ ] RMD (Required Minimum Distribution)                                         
[ ] 72T/72Q (Substantially Equal Payments)                                      
(Additional requirements may be necessary to effect 72T/72Q.)                   

Sub-Account Partial Surrender Allocation                                        
$________ WRL VKAM Emerging Growth                                              
$________ WRL T. Rowe Price Small Cap                                           
$________ WRL Goldman Sachs Small Cap                                           
$________ WRL Pilgrim Baxter Mid Cap Growth                                     
$________ WRL Alger Aggressive Growth                                           
$________ WRL Third Avenue Value                                                
$________ WRL GE International Equity                                           
$________ WRL Janus Global                                                      
$________ WRL Salomon All Cap                                                   
$________ WRL Janus Growth                                                      
$________ WRL Goldman Sachs Growth                                              
$________ WRL C.A.S.E. Growth                                                   
$________ WRL GE U.S. Equity                                                    
$________ WRL Dreyfus Mid Cap                                                   
$________ WRL NWQ Value Equity                                                  
$________ WRL T. Rowe Price Dividend Growth                                     
$________ WRL Dean Asset Allocation                                             
$________ WRL LKCM Strategic Total Return                                       
$________ WRL J.P. Morgan Real Estate Securities                                
$________ WRL Federated Growth & Income                                         
$________ WRL AEGON Balanced                                                    
$________ WRL AEGON Bond                                                        
$________ WRL J.P. Morgan Money Market                                          
$________ WRL Great Companies - America(SM)                                     
$________ WRL Great Companies - Technology(SM)                                  
$________ WRL Value Line Aggressive Growth                                      
$________ Fidelity VIP III Growth Opportunities                                 
$________ Fidelity VIP II Contrafund                                            
$________ Fidelity VIP Equity-Income                                            
$________ Fixed Account                                                         
$________ Other                                                                 
$________ Other                                                                 

Election for recipients of periodic payments  instructions                      
(Failure to complete this section may result in a delay of requested            
withdrawals)                                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amounts received as partial surrenders from non-tax qualified annuity contracts 
prior to the maturity date are first treated as taxable income to the extent of 
any gain. Additionally, a penalty tax equal to 10% of the amount treated as     
taxable gain will generally be imposed on partial surrenders made prior to the  
Owners age 59 1/2. This authorization applies only to this Western Reserve Life 
application/contract being applied for. A separate authorization must be        
completed for any additional Variable Annuity Contracts owned. I understand and 
agree to the terms and conditions as set forth in the Prospectus.               

o    Check box A if you do not want any Federal income tax withheld from your   
annuity partial surrender payments.                                   
o    Check box B if you do want Federal income tax withheld from your annuity   
partial surrender payments.                                           

Even if you elect not to have Federal income tax withheld, you are liable for   
payment of Federal income tax on the taxable portion of your annuity payments.  
You may also be subject to tax penalties under the estimated tax payment rules  
if your payment of estimated tax and withholding, if any, is inadequate.        
(Check one only)                                                                

A [ ] I do not want to have Federal income tax withheld from my annuity partial 
surrender payments.                                                 

B [ ] I wish to have Federal income tax withheld from my annuity partial        
surrender payments: ________________%                               
                            (If percentage not indicated, 10% will be withheld.)

Alternate Payee Designation: If the alternate payee is a Bank Account, Please   
attach a voided check for direct deposit by electronic funds transfer. Note:    
Provide the following information only if the name of the payee differs from the
Owner. Western Reserve Life is directed to make monthly Automatic Partial       
Surrender Payments to:                                                          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payee Name or Bank                                      Bank Account            
(Attach a voided check for bank payee)                  Routing Number          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Address                      City                    State              Zip     

14      Approval OF Optional Features                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By signing below, I hereby attest that I have selected the options available in 
any or all Sections 11, 12 and 13 above, according to the information which I   
have entered in each section.                                                   

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Owners Name  Please Print                Owners Signature              Date 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joint Owners Name (Creator Only) or      Signature of Spouse *         Date 
Name of Spouse  Please Print                                                

* Signature of Spouse required if the contract is a Tax-Qualified plan or if the
Owner is a resident of a community property state.                              

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4 

P-->EX-99.A9Last "Page" of 9TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
WESTERN RESERVE LIFE ASSURANCE CO. OF OHIO
P.O. BOX 5068 
CLEARWATER, FLORIDA 33758 
FRAUD WARNING 

The following states require that contract owners acknowledge a fraud warning   
statement. Please refer to the fraud warning statement for your state as        
indicated below.                                                                

For applicants in               ARKANSAS/LOUISIANA                              
 Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for
payment of a loss or benefit or knowingly presents false information in an      
application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and  
confinement in prison.                                                          

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

For applicants in               COLORADO                                        
    It is unlawful to knowingly provide false, incomplete, or misleading
facts or information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding or   
attempting to defraud the company. Penalties may include imprisonment, fines,   
denial of insurance, and civil damages. Any insurance company or agent of an    
insurance company who knowingly provides false, incomplete, or misleading facts 
or information to a policyholder or claimant for the purpose of defrauding or   
attempting to defraud the policyholder or claimant with regard to a settlement  
or award payable from insurance proceeds shall be reported to the Colorado      
Division of Insurance within the Department of Regulatory Agencies.             

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

For applicants in               DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA                            
  It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading
information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding the company.  
Penalties include imprisonment, fines and denial of insurance benefits.         

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

For applicants in               FLORIDA                                         
       Any person who knowingly and with intent to injure, defraud, or deceive
any insurer files a statement of claim or an application containing any false,  
incomplete, or misleading information is guilty of a felony in the third degree.

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

For applicants in               KENTUCKY,  OHIO and pennsylvania                
 Any person who knowingly and with intent to defraud any insurance
company or other person files an application for insurance or a statement of    
claim containing any materially false information or conceals for the purpose of
misleading, information concerning any fact material thereto commits a          
fraudulent insurance act, which is a crime and subjects such person to criminal 
and civil penalties.                                                            

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

For applicants in               NEW JERSEY                                      
 Any person who includes any false or misleading information on an
application for an insurance policy is subject to criminal and civil penalties. 

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

For applicants in               NEW MEXICO                                      
 Any person who knowingly presents a false or fraudulent claim for
payment of a loss or benefit or knowingly presents false information in an      
application for insurance is guilty of a crime and may be subject to fines and  
criminal penalties.                                                             

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

For applicants in               VIRGINIA and MAINE                              
  It is a crime to knowingly provide false, incomplete or misleading
information to an insurance company for the purpose of defrauding the company.  
Penalties include imprisonment, fines and denial of insurance benefits.         

---------------------------------------------                                   
Applicants Signature               Date                                         

 5

↑TopFiling Submission 0001016843-00-000567   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 05:47:07.0 GMT 





SEC Info - WRL Series Life Account, et al. - ‘485BPOS’ on 4/16/04 - EX-99.27(H)(X)











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




WRL Series Life Account, et al. – ‘485BPOS’ on 4/16/04 – EX-99.27(H)(X)On:  Friday, 4/16/04, at 11:20am ET   ·   Effective:  4/16/04   ·   Accession #:  1193125-4-63657   ·   File #s:  811-04420, 333-100993
Previous ‘485BPOS’:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/28/03   ·   Next:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/16/04   ·   Latest:  ‘485BPOS’ on 4/27/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 4/16/04  WRL Series Life Account           485BPOS     4/16/04   10:4.7M                                   RR Donnelley/FA
          WRL Series Life AccountF-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     Wrl Freedom Elite Advisor                           HTML   3.84M 
 9: EX-99.27 (N)(II)  Consent of Ernst and Young LLP                HTML      8K 
 2: EX-99.27(C)(VII)  Third Amendment to Principal Underwriting     HTML     14K 
                          Agreement                                              
 3: EX-99.27(H)(I)  Amended and Restated Fund Participation         HTML     99K 
                          Agreement                                              
 4: EX-99.27(H)(X)  Amendment No. 23 to Participation Agreement     HTML     34K 
 5: EX-99.27(K)  Opinion and Consent of Peirpan, Esq.               HTML     12K 
 6: EX-99.27(L)  Opinion and Consent of Schinbein                   HTML     12K 
 7: EX-99.27(M)  Sample Hypothetical Illustration                   HTML     50K 
 8: EX-99.27(N)(I)  Consent of Sutherland Asbill and Brennan LLP    HTML     10K 
10: EX-99.27(R)(III)  Power of Attorney                             HTML     10K 

D-->EX-99.27(H)(X)   —   Amendment No. 23 to Participation Agreement
H-->This exhibit is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->

  Amendment No. 23 to Participation Agreement  

Exhibit 27(h)(x)    Amendment No. 23 to Participation Agreement Between  AEGON/Transamerica Series Fund, Inc. and Western Reserve  dated May 1, 2004
  


AMENDMENT NO. 23 TO  PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT  BETWEEN  AEGON/TRANSAMERICA SERIES FUND, INC. AND  WESTERN RESERVE LIFE ASSURANCE CO.
OF OHIO,    Amendment No. 23 to the Participation Agreement
(“Agreement”), dated February 27, 1991, as amended, between AEGON/Transamerica Series Fund, Inc. (the “Fund”) and Western Reserve Life Assurance Co. of Ohio (“WRL”).    WHEREAS, WRL has registered or will register the WRL Freedom Multiple
variable annuity contract (the “Contract”) under the Securities Act of 1933; and    WHEREAS, WRL will offer, through its Separate Account VA V, the WRL Freedom Multiple variable annuity contract; and    WHEREAS, to the extent permitted by applicable insurance law and regulation, WRL intends to purchase shares in one or more of the Portfolios of the
Fund to fund the Contract, as specified in Schedule B attached to the Agreement, as such Schedule B is amended by this Amendment No. 23, and as Schedule B may be amended from time to time; and    WHEREAS, the Fund’s Board of Directors approved resolutions for
the following changes to go into effect April 30, 2004: a name change of the following portfolios: Dreyfus Mid Cap to J.P. Morgan Mid Cap Value and PBHG/NWQ Value Select to Mercury Large Cap Value; restructuring of the Janus Balanced portfolio to
Transamerica Balanced; and the mergers of the following portfolios: Alger Aggressive Growth into Transamerica Equity, LKCM Strategic Total Return into Transamerica Value Balanced, GE U.S. Equity into Great Companies – AmericaSM, PBHG Mid Cap Growth into Transamerica Growth Opportunities, and Templeton Great Companies Global into Janus Global and then a
name change of Janus Global to Templeton Great Companies Global; and    WHEREAS, the Fund intends to sell shares of the Portfolio(s) to the Contract at net asset value; and    NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY AGREED that WRL, through its Separate Account VA V, is authorized to acquire shares issued by the Fund, subject to the
terms and conditions of the Participation Agreement, and that Schedule B to the Participation Agreement is hereby amended to add the WRL Freedom Multiple variable annuity contract to the list of “Policies”. It is also hereby agreed that
Schedule A to this Agreement will be amended to reflect the various name changes to certain portfolios due to the mergers listed above.    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has caused this Amendment to be executed in its name and on its behalf by its duly authorized
representative, effective as of May 1, 2004.   












 WESTERN RESERVE LIFE ASSURANCE OF OHIO By its authorized officer,
 
 
 
 AEGON/TRANSAMERICA SERIES CO. FUND, INC. By its authorized officer,







By:
 
/s/    PRISCILLA I. HECHLER        
 
 
 
By:
 
/s/    JOHN K. CARTER        

 
 

 
 
 
 
 


 Title:
 
 Priscilla I. Hechler Assistant Vice President and Assistant Secretary
 
 
 
 Title:
 
 John K. Carter Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
  


AMENDED  SCHEDULE B    Effective May 1, 2004    Account(s), Policy(ies) and
Portfolio(s) Subject  to the Participation Agreement   








Accounts:
 
 
  
WRL Series Life Account

 
 
 
  
WRL Series Annuity Account

 
 
 
  
Separate Account VA U

 
 
 
  
Separate Account VA V





Policies:
 
 
  
The Equity Protector

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Equity Protector

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom SP Plus

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Attainer Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Bellwether Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Conqueror Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Wealth Protector

 
 
 
  
C.A.S.E. Reserve Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
Meridian Sector Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Wealth Creator Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Financial Freedom Builder

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Elite

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Premier Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Access Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Enhancer Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Select Variable Annuity

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Elite Builder

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Elite Advisor

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Premier II

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Access II

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Enhancer II

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Premier III

 
 
 
  
WRL Xcelerator

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Elite Builder II

 
 
 
  
WRL Freedom Multiple




Portfolios:
 
AEGON/Transamerica Series Fund, Inc. – each Portfolio has an Initial Class and a Service Class of Shares





 
 
 
  
AEGON Bond

 
 
 
  
Asset Allocation – Conservative Portfolio

 
 
 
  
Asset Allocation – Growth Portfolio

 
 
 
  
Asset Allocation – Moderate Portfolio

 
 
 
  
Asset Allocation – Moderate Growth Portfolio

 
 
 
  
American Century International

 
 
 
  
American Century Income & Growth

 
 
 
  
Capital Guardian U.S. Equity

 
 
 
  
Capital Guardian Value

 
 
 
  
Clarion Real Estate Securities

 
 
 
  
Dreyfus Small Cap Value

 
 
 
  
Federated Growth & Income

 
 
 
  
Great Companies – America sm

 
 
 
  
Great Companies – Technology sm

 
 
 
  
J.P. Morgan Enhanced Index

 
 
 
  
J.P. Morgan Mid Cap Value
  










 
 
 
  
AMENDED SCHEDULE B (continued)





Portfolios:
 
 
  
Janus Growth

 
 
 
  
Marsico Growth

 
 
 
  
Mercury Large Cap Value

 
 
 
  
MFS High Yield

 
 
 
  
Munder Net50

 
 
 
  
PIMCO Total Return

 
 
 
  
Salomon All Cap

 
 
 
  
Templeton Great Companies Global

 
 
 
  
T. Rowe Price Equity Income

 
 
 
  
T. Rowe Price Small Cap

 
 
 
  
Third Avenue Value

 
 
 
  
Transamerica Balanced

 
 
 
  
Transamerica Equity

 
 
 
  
Transamerica Convertible Securities

 
 
 
  
Transamerica Growth Opportunities

 
 
 
  
Transamerica Money Market

 
 
 
  
Transamerica U.S. Government Securities

 
 
 
  
Transamerica Value Balanced

 
 
 
  
Van Kampen Emerging Growth
  

R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘485BPOS’ Filing    Date    Other Filings5/1/044/30/04Filed on / Effective on:4/16/04485BPOS List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-04-063657   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 05:47:08.0 GMT 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿


PDFfiller. On-line PDF form Filler, Editor, Type on PDF, Fill, Print, Email, Fax and Export


























































Loading, please wait...





Hm... Are You a Human?



                Your activity on our website looks slightly suspicious.
                
                For you to prove us wrong, please check the box below.
            


















Features
PDFfiller

About Us
Blog
Career
Whitepapers
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Guides
User Reviews
CRMs we love



Forms Library

Top 100 Forms
PDF Search Engine
A-Z Listing of Forms
Forms Catalog


Mobile App

iOS Application
Android Application



Functions

Edit PDFs Online
LinkToFill
SendToSign


Comparison

Adobe Acrobat Alternative
DOCSTOC ALTERNATIVE


Integrations

Salesforce
Dynamics



Support

FAQ
Tutorial Videos
Pricing


For Business

Insurance
Medical
Real Estate
Human Resources
Tax & Finance
Legal



Free Resources

Merge PDFS
Convert Word to PDF


Developers

Get Started
API Documentation
API Pricing




            © 2006-2017 PDFfiller Inc.All rights reserved
        






























                PDFfiller friendly support
                





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












WRL SERIES ANNUITY ACCOUNT Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      WRL SERIES ANNUITY ACCOUNT
                    

•   CEDAR RAPIDS, IA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             WRL Series Annuity Account is based out of Cedar Rapids.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from WRL SERIES ANNUITY ACCOUNT, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




wrl series annuity account


4333 EDGEWOOD ROAD NE

CEDAR RAPIDS
IA
                                                        
                                                    52499-0001


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      319-355-8427







Recent SEC Filings




497J filed on 05/03/2017
497J filed on 05/03/2017
497J filed on 05/03/2017
497J filed on 05/03/2017
485BPOS filed on 04/27/2017
485BPOS filed on 04/27/2017
485BPOS filed on 04/27/2017
485BPOS filed on 04/27/2017
24F-2NT filed on 03/24/2017
N-30D filed on 03/01/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































