



統計與資料分析











   

           

    
統 計 與 資 料 分 析






　















































統計與資料分析
            
(Statistics and Data Analysis)







 　
 必選修：運輸與航海科學系
研究所，研一(上)，3學分，選修。(95學年第一學期為全英語授課)
　
　

































1.  教學目標
：






























培養同學應用統計方法與SPSS套裝軟體進行資料分析與解讀報表的能力，訓練同學以資料分析、邏輯推論來分析問題，進而解決問題。並藉由學習統計方法以及問題實例之探討，訓練同學具有使用統計方法分析與綜合量化資訊之能力，並能應用於解決企業之經營、管理、決策問題。



 



　
2.  
先修科目：
 統計學。 


　
3.  
教材內容與課程簡介：


教材：楊世瑩著，SPSS
統計分析實務，第二版，旗標出版股份有限公司，2008年6月。


企業體、組織或個人在處理各種決策問題時，常常必須藉由許多資料分析結果，作為決策與行動的依據，以系統化而客觀的方法來分析問題，充分運用資訊。本課程設計著重於應用導向之教學，使學生明瞭如何依據研究分析之目的與資料之型態，選用適當之統計模式、熟悉統計軟體之操作，及正確的解讀電腦報表。








　
4.  教學
方式：


課堂講授、問題討論、SPSS實作、期末報告簡報(找一個研究主題，進行資料蒐集整理與分析，繳交符合期刊論文格式之期末報告一份，並進行簡報15分鐘與10分鐘問答。)  
　
5.  參考書
目：


(1) 
陳耀茂編著，心理與市調資料的SPSS、AMOS使用手冊，鼎茂圖書出版股份有，2006年。

(2) 
榮泰生著，SPSS與研究方法，五南圖書出版股份有限公司，2006年。

(3) David S. Moore著，王鴻龍、王念孫、林定香翻譯，實用統計學，科大文化事業股份有限公司，2006年第三版。
　
6.  
教學進度：

第1週      
課程大綱與上課要求；認識SPSS；第1章、概說

第2週      
第2章、建立/編輯資料檔；第3章、設計問捲與取得資料

第3週      
第4章、資料轉換；第5章、次數分配

第4週      
第6章、描述性統計

第5週      
第7章、交叉分析表

第6週      
第8章、複選題

第7週      
第9章、平均數檢定

第8週      
第10章、單因子變異數分析

第9週      
期中考試

第10週    
第11章、相關

第11週    
第12章、迴歸

第12週    
第13章、因素分析

第13週    
第14章、信度分析

第14週    
第15章、判別分析

第15週    
第16章、集群分析

第16週    
 期末報告簡報

第17週    
期末報告簡報

第18週    
期末報告簡報

　


7.  
評量方式：













 













(1) 
期中測驗佔30 
%：筆試。


(2) 
期末報告佔50%：15分鐘簡報與10分鐘問答，並繳交書面報告。



(3) 
平時成績佔20%

：出席率、參與問題討論、上課狀況，作為加減分項。
　
8.  
講義位址：














 














Eric Ting Ocean


　

　

　

　

　

　






            
Statistics and Data Analysis

　


Instructor: 
Ting Shih-Chan 
(Eric Ting)


 


Office: 
Room729                 Tel.: (02)24622192 ext.7050


Cell phone: 
0928813517     Email: ericting@mail.ntou.edu.tw       


Personal web 
page: Eric Ting Ocean


Office hour: 
meetings by appointments


 

Learning 
Objectives: 


 


Students 
completing the course should gain the following knowledge and skills: 


l     
An understanding of 
basic descriptive statistics and ability to calculate these statistics and to 
generate them using SPSS 
(Statistical Package for the Social Sciences) software; an understanding of when 
each may be appropriate for descriptive purposes. 

l     
An 
ability to determine appropriate tests of statistical significance for 
differences in means, differences in percentage distributions and 
cross-tabulations, correlation coefficients and partial coefficients, and to 
generate the relevant statistics using SPSS software. 

l     
An 
ability to structure a multiple regression analysis, to generate regression 
results using SPSS software, and to interpret these results for statistical and 
theoretical significance. 


 

Course 
Overview: 


 

This 
course introduces students to basic statistical methods and their application, 
and aims to familiarize students with the basics of research design and 
statistical analysis. If you don't remember much from your previous statistics 
courses -- which is typical, actually -- don't panic. We'll be starting more or 
less at the beginning. In many ways this semester will be much like an advanced 
version of an introductory postgraduate statistics course, covering the same 
topics -- e.g., descriptive statistics, t-tests and chi-square tests, 
correlation and simple/multiple regression, and analysis of variance -- but in 
somewhat greater depth. 


 


Proficiency with 
algebra is helpful; yet, no mathematics beyond algebra will be taught in this 
course. The purpose of this course is to prepare students to analyze real data 
from real research, and to understand these analyses at a conceptual level. 
Toward this end, we will focus more on concepts and computer analyses, and less 
on hand calculations and mathematics. Students will practice working with and 
analyzing an actual dataset using SPSS software for Windows and should be able 
to distinguish between theories and hypotheses; analyze and interpret 
statistical results; present data in graphical and tabular form; and perform 
basic statistical analysis using SPSS.


 

Texts and 
Software:


 

Textbooks


1, Morgan, G. 
A., Leech, N. L., Gloeckner, G. W. and Barrett, K. C., SPSS for Introductory 
Statistics: Use and Interpretation, Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc., New 
Jersey, 2004.


2, Leech, N. L., 
Barrett, K. C. and Morgan, G. A., SPSS for Intermediate Statistics: Use and 
Interpretation, Lawrence Erlbaum Associates, Inc., New Jersey, 2004.

 

SPSS


This course will 
use Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) computer software. 
Students will be expected to have access to SPSS and be able to print SPSS 
output to complete homework assignments.


 

Tentative 
Course Schedule:

 

Week 1


Introduction to 
statistics and data analysis


 

Week 2


Chapter 1 
Variables, Research Problems and Questions. (Textbook 1)


Chapter 2 Data 
Coding, Entry, and Checking. (Textbook 1)

 

Week 3


Chapter 3 
Measurement and Descriptive Statistics. (Textbook 1)


Chapter 4 
Understanding Your Data and Checking Assumptions. (Textbook 1)

 

Week 4


Chapter 5 Data 
File Measurement. (Textbook 1)


Chapter 6 
Selecting and Interpreting Inferential Statistics. (Textbook 1)

 

Week 5


Chapter 7 Cross 
Tabulation, Chi-Square, and Nonparametric Measures of Association. (Textbook 1)

 

Week 6


Chapter 8 
Correlation and Regression. (Textbook 1)


 

Week 7


Chapter 9 
Comparing Groups with t Tests and Similar Nonparametric Tests.  (Textbook 1)

 

Week 8


Chapter 10 
Analysis of Variance ANOVA.  (Textbook 1)

 

Week 9


Mid-term exam.

 

Week 11


Chapter 4 
Several Measures of Reliability.  (Textbook 2)

 

Week 12


Chapter 5 
Exploratory Factor Analysis and Principal Components Analysis.  (Textbook 2)

 

Week 13


Chapter 6 
Multiple Regression.  (Textbook 2)

 

Week 14


Chapter 7 
Logistic Regression and Discriminant Analysis .  (Textbook 2)

 

Week 15


Chapter 8 
Factorial ANOVA and ANCOVA.  (Textbook 2)

 

Week 16


Term paper 
presentation. 

 

Week 17


Term paper 
presentation. 

 

Week 18


Final exam.

 

Course  
Requirements and Grades:

 


The course grade 
will be based on the following: 


1. out of class, 
open-book mid-term exam (20%); 


2. out of class, 
open-book final exam (20%); 


3. term paper 
report and presentation (40%); and


4. assigned 
homework and contribution to class discussions (20%). 
　




















































































































　



 
		您的問題或建議請寄Email:  
		 ericting@mail.ntou.edu.tw。 
		


 
		Copyright ©2005 Eric Ting Ocean



  
		上次修改日期:
		2017 年 02 月 15 日
		






課程大綱-統計資料分析（一）


課程大綱
壹、科目名稱：統計資料分析（一） 課程
       
（簡稱：統計分析，英文
名稱：Statistical Data Analysis  I）
貳、課程類別 
       
夜二技國貿系三年級(上)
       學分：二 
，時數：二
參、課程形式 
       
正課（含電腦教室實習） 
肆、教學目標 

       
本課程為「統計資料分析」第一部份，偏重於敘述統計學部份之統計資料分析。主要在教導學生如何使用統計圖、表等統計工具，配合統計電腦套裝軟體，對各種統計資料進行整理、陳列、分析、解釋；以建立學生對於統計資料分析之能力。


伍、課程綱要

  統計學概論
1、 統計學定義及介紹
  2、 統計資料的取得方式及其屬性
  3、 應用統計學
統計套裝軟體
1、 SAS套裝軟體介紹
  2、 SPSS套裝軟體介紹
  3、 Excel 統計分析工具簡介
商業用統計學
1、 商用統計學介紹
  2、 統計決策分析
使用Excel 2002
1、 Excel 2002 基本操作
  2、 Excel 2002 統計圖表製作
  3、 Excel 2002 的統計分析應用
統計資料分析報告
1、 統計資料之整理、陳列、分析及解釋
  2、 統計資料分析報告製作
  3、 統計資料分析報告簡報
　






中華民國統計資訊網（專業人士）






:::



網站導覽
訂閱/取消電子報
雙語詞彙
ENGLISH
行動版
RSS

查詢Google進階搜尋


一般民眾
專業人士
兒童/學生





:::



物價指數
簡介
統計表
資料庫
電子書
新聞稿
試算表
答客問
聯絡資訊


國民所得及經濟成長
簡介
統計表
資料庫
電子書
新聞稿
答客問
聯絡資訊


綠色國民所得
簡介
統計表
電子書
答客問
聯絡資訊


家庭收支調查
簡介
統計表
電子書
新聞稿
答客問
聯絡資訊


就業、失業統計
簡介
統計分析
統計表
查詢系統
舊查詢系統
電子書
新聞稿
國人赴海外工作人數統計
答客問
聯絡資訊


薪資及生產力統計
簡介
薪情平臺
薪資中位數及分佈統計
統計分析
統計表
查詢系統
電子書
新聞稿
答客問
聯絡資訊


社會指標
簡介
統計表
電子書
新聞稿
答客問
聯絡資訊


工業及服務業普查
簡介
統計分析
統計表
互動式統計圖
三大普查進階查詢系統(100年)
答客問
聯絡資訊


人口及住宅普查
簡介
統計分析
互動式統計圖
三大普查進階查詢系統
統計表
答客問
聯絡資訊
公告訊息


農林漁牧業普查
簡介
統計分析
統計表
互動式統計圖
三大普查進階查詢系統
答客問
聯絡資訊


國富統計
簡介
統計表
互動式統計圖
電子書
新聞稿
聯絡資訊


產業關聯統計
簡介
統計表
電子書
答客問
聯絡資訊


其他專案調查
中高齡工作歷程調查
人力運用調查
 婦女婚育與就業調查 
社會發展趨勢調查
青少年狀況調查 
國內遷徙調查
事業人力僱用狀況調查
受僱員工動向調查
攤販經營概況調查
主力農家經營概況調查
電子商務統計





:::


主計總處統計專區
國情統計通報
全國統計資料
統計法制與標準分類
資訊服務



現在位置首頁全國統計資料


回上一頁當script無法執行時可按"alt + ←"鍵替代



全國統計資料



				資料下載
			

				地理及環境
			

				人口
			

				勞工
			

				教育、科學、文化及大眾傳播
			

				衛生
			

				司法、公共秩序及安全
			

				社會保險及福利
			

				國民經濟
			

				農林漁牧業
			

				工礦業
			

				商業貿易
			

				運輸、倉儲及通信業
			

				財政金融
			

				物價
			

				一般政務
			

				其他
			














隱私權政策
資訊安全政策
資料開放宣告
無障礙宣告


		地址:100-65臺北市廣州街2號
		電話總機:(02) 23803400　服務電話:(02) 23803542
		本網站最佳瀏覽模式建議1024 x 768以上螢幕解析度，瀏覽器為 IE7 以上版本
		



統計方法與資料分析的摘要



























 




跳到主要內容


















行動Apps















國立交通大學統計方法與資料分析教師: 唐麗英2015/03/16 ~ 2015/06/0116小時/8週 (報名結束)       摘要本課程原名「統計簡單學」，經廣大學習者好評，課程團隊約略更新了課程內容，並正式更名為「統計方法與資料分析」，再次與各位見面。 在目前資訊爆炸的時代，不論是產品的研究開發、製程的管制、市場的行銷管理、財務金融的管理或人文社會方面的研究，均需藉助統計方法。本課程「統計簡單學」以深入淺出的方式及多元的實務例題，搭配統計軟體的報表解讀，讓學習者不需要記憶繁複的公式，也能輕鬆地學會統計基本觀念及方法，並運用於各種領域或工作場合。ewant微博：http://www.weibo.com/u/3831735254ewantFB粉絲頁：https://www.facebook.com/ewant.org課程目標本課程主要目標是讓學習者能學習到統計學的基礎概念及各種不同的統計方法，學習者完成此課程後，將可獲得基本的蒐集資料、分析資料、繪製圖表及解讀電腦統計報表之能力。本課程亦為本學程後續「統計軟體操作」、「統計品質管理」及「實驗設計」等三個相關課程之先修課程。授課教師本課程授課教師為唐麗英博士，目前是國立交通大學工業工程與管理學系教授。唐教授1984年於美國肯塔基大學取得統計博士學位後至1991年，曾任美國麻州州立大學 – 達特茅斯分校數學系之助理教授、副教授等職。自1992年於國立交通大學工業工程與管理學系擔任副教授、教授等職迄今，主要教授課程包括：統計學、品質管理、實驗設計、迴歸分析與多變量分析等課程。唐教授曾分別獲得美國麻州州立大學及交通大學兩校「教學傑出獎」之殊榮。唐教授長期致力於統計製程管制、製程能力分析、反應曲面法、田口方法、六標準等方面之研究，並與產、官、學、研各界合作，將統計學、實驗設計與品質管理等方法應用於各種實務領域，包括：半導體產業、傳統產業、金融業、軟體業及醫療體系等。課程進度表第1週:統計基本概念介紹第2週:常用統計量第3週:常用統計圖表第4週:常態機率分佈；期中考第5週:估計第6週:假說檢定第7週:變異數分析第8週:迴歸分析；期末考課程內容本課程分為兩大部份。 第一部份介紹基本的統計概念與方法及其在資料分析上之應用，例如：常用的統計指標、統計圖表、常態分佈及檢查數據是否呈常態分佈的方法等；第二部份則是介 紹由樣本推論群體的方法（例如：估計群體平均值）、比較不同群體間平均數的差異（檢定）、變異數分析及迴歸分析等方法。上課形式本課程分為兩大部份，每一部份各分為四大單元，每個單元將由數個小單元所組成，每個小單元提供一段10~30分鐘的視頻影片。本課程每個單元皆會指定作業，在作業公佈後一週內學習者須完成並繳交，作業繳交後即會進行批改及評分。本課程於完成第四單元後，即進行期中考；在完成第八單元後，即進行期末考。各項考試內容與形式，會於課程中公佈。評分標準本課程評分標準是以作業、期中考與期末考之成績為計算依據，總成績共100分，各評分項目配分方式如下： 1.      作業：每個單元一次，共八次，每次5分，總分40分。2.      期中考：共一次，總分30分。3.      期末考：共一次，總分30分。通過標準課程及格標準:60分滿分：100分先修科目或先備能力本課程之設計是針對一般初學者，不需具備任何統計背景，僅須具備基本高中數學能力即可。建議參考書目本課程提供上課講義，不需額外購買教科書。學習者仍可參考坊間書局或以下推薦之統計相關書籍，以獲得更豐富及更深入的學習內容。 

Montgomery, D. C., and Runger, G. C. (2011). Applied statistics and probability for engineers, 5th Edition. Hoboken, NJ: Wiley.
Newbold, P., Carlson, W. L., and Thorne, B. (2010). Statistics for business and economics. Upper Saddle River, N.J: Pearson
唐麗英、王春和（2007），「Excel 2007統計分析」，儒林圖書公司。
唐麗英、王春和（2012），「Minitab統計分析」，博碩文化有限公司。
常見問答集(1) 問：此課程完成後是否提供相關證書？      答：是。              總成績超過（含） 60分者，可獲得「修課通過證明」。 (2) 問：此課程需要背公式嗎？      答：不需要。              此課程係針對統計有興趣之初學者所設計，課程中所提及之公式或相關運算過程，皆可利用統計軟體              （如：Excel或Minitab等）完成，學習者不需要特別記憶或將數字代入繁瑣的公式中來分析資料。學              習者僅需要懂得統計的基本原理與電腦操作方式，並學會如何解讀電腦報表即可。 (3) 問：此課程是否有特定的應用領域？      答：否。              本課程所教授之內容為基礎統計學之概念與應用，課程中以不同領域的實務問題作為範例來說明如何              應用各種統計方法，使學習者能將基本統計方法廣泛地應用於各領域中。(4) 問：請問兩岸的專業術語翻譯不同會不會影響我的學習?      答：不會。              雖然兩岸的專業術語翻譯有些許不同，但本課程會提供「基礎統計學專有名詞英文繁簡中文對照表」              供學習者利用。其它無 





��ࡱ�                >  ��	               +         -     ����    &  '  (  )  *  ���������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������� 9 	  �R�             �c   bjbj����                   8� ��  ��  �.                     �       ��         ��         ��                 l     �      �  �      �      �      �      �             �      d%      d%      d%  8   �%  t   &�   �      u7 �  �&�&"   �&�&�&��      ��      ��      |6    ~6     ~6     ~6     ~6     ~6     ~6 $   9    3; `   �6 �                   �      ��                      9�  �  ��      ��      ��      �6     �     �      �      �&�&w�  /7    �     �     �     ��  �  �  �  �&�      �&|6             �                                                     ��      |6     � �  �     � �  �2 0  h  b  �                                                              h6     �&�&   ��V_R��  �  d%      � �  (4 $           h6    E7 0   u7     L4   �;     E �  �;     h6     �     �      �      �      �      �      �       �   �_q}�ǌ�eR�g.YL��{tY/SX[�^KN�e���R                       �v      �                                        	 	 	               �xe             MR �	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 1  hQt.YL�Y/SX[�^KN���R�`b_	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 3  c	gi�ϑ�vY/SX[�^	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 6  ��tec^%RD}T	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 8  �X�R�bǌ�]wQ	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 1 0  Y萓}t�N�vX�(u	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 1 4  �W�ncjKNx��d	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 1 6  Þё�n�P	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 2 5  P}���S�^p�	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 3 0  D�;�	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 3 2  D���ӗWKQg��c^qS_jKN�}W��SӗW.YL�KNY/SX[�^�{t	 3 4    MR � dk!kIY>mt�^t�X�S�W�S�RU B S   W a r b u r g �SH S B C   	���KNx�g���O�NLuT0W�v.YL�T�N�S�bǌ\�[qQZ� NX��N�ca����m��6erso�Y0$\vQU B S   W a r b u r g KNx�g��S�R��O�7 4 PW�[�@b�Nd��NHQ2�W�[Y�_N	g�_Y_jg�c��0R N�N0^�;NAmW�[0�Nh��}��NPǊ�S(WY/Sǌ"u�{t�eb��v�}W��_N�_	ga`0bP���wS��e�RaW?e�^�bǌlQ�S( G o v e r n m e n t   I n v e s t m e n t   C o r p ,   G I C ) �p�e�RaW?e�^�{t N��N�vY/SX[�^��vQ�[vQ�NW�[_N	g^�I C �vD}T~��Yvl
��vB r u n e i   I n v e s t m e n t   A g e n c y 0�yZyr�vK u w a i t   I n v e s t m e n t   A u t h o r i t y �S-NW�vI n v e s t m e n t   C o m p a n y   o f   P R C   ( S G P )   P T E I{0��N_j�i�v�bǌKa�^�Mzui�d��NX[>k�S�P8RY�	gBf_N�bǌ��hy�S?b0W"u�NN�vl
��N�Th�:y�NP(W�e,gKN?b0W"u�bǌ�S0R͑'Yd1Y0_N}�-NW��L��v�g��c�S-NW�Nl��L��Y�vQ�pY萓}t�N�FO�NPck�p�N N�w �bǌw�g�P8R�FO�OI�6e�v�s�pL I B O R  ��P�f�K{0}���-�.YL��vQ�bǌlQ�S�P�v�}W�I{0vu6qx�g_N�[�c�N1�Y�bǌ\�[ZP�|Ǒ�vo��vQ-NS�bӗW.YL�oR=~��09�\x�g͑��gQ�[tet�Y�_�^g�'Y�[qQ�N0  �_q}�ǌ�eR�g.YL��{tY/SX[�^KN�e���R 2 0 0 2 t^3 g�^�hQt.YL�c	gKNhQ萖n�P( t o t a l   r e s e r v e s ) }�p2 . 6 2 FQ�CQ�vQ-NS�b2 . 2 5 FQ�CQKNY/S�0 . 3 FQ�CQKNÞё�S0 . 0 7 FQ�CQKNI M F �n�P�MO( I M F   r e s e r v e   p o s i t i o n ) 0TW.YL�c	g�n�PKN�`b_�Yh� N0     N0hQt.YL�Y/SX[�^KN���R�`b_ 1 9 9 7 - 9 8 t^�|vu�e�^4Xё��qS_jBf�hQt.YL�Y/SX[�^�fNM��FO�1 9 9 9 t^w��GR�N1 2 % KNt^�s
NGS�
NGS��s�1 9 8 0 - 1 9 9 7 t^Bf�vvu( W N) 0$\vQ�N2m0W@SKNY/SX[�^�(W1 9 9 8 t^6 gM��8 4 0 0 Q�CQ( TOhQtKN4 8 % ) ��2 0 0 2 t^3 g�VGS�p1 3 4 0 0 Q�CQ( TOhQtKN6 0 % ) ��X�R6 0 % 0( W�N�Sh��N)                                                                                                                                                                       �N�[
N��1 9 9 0 t^�N�O�hQt.YL�Y/SX[�^KN�X�R�;N���Oꁼe�N2mW�[( 7 8 % �vQ-N�e,gTO2 9 % �N0W@S( c�Scp0-NW0��/n�S�e�RaW) TO3 5 % ) �vQ!k�Oꁼe�bN�2m�S-NPk0qgPk( 2 5 % ) ��e�]miW�[( �e,gd�Y) KNY/SX[�^GRNGS�SM�0�1 9 9 8 t^�N�O�Pk�v1 2 WY/SX[�^NM���N�1 7 0 0 Q�CQ0( h�	N) 0            N��Sxet^���1�YW�[Y/SX[�^�f�}�Q�s�R�p���R��N�N�S/f�e�W�[yr	gKN�sa��G 7 -N�'Y)R0�W�S�R�b'Y�N�f�Q�sY/SX[�^'YE^NM��`�l0( h��V) 0             �N0c	gi�ϑ�vY/SX[�^ Y/SX[�^KN�S�_�c	g	gvQb,g�&NN���_��Y��}Y�FO�*Y\�_N�S��_|vT.zqS_j��Vdk�.YL�(W��{ gi�TvQW�`�vY/SX[�^��!jBf��a�na1�Y�V }0 Y/SX[�^9h�dvQ(u��'Y�
N�SR�p	N^��Am�R'`�n�P0���P�n�P�S���[�n�P( _N	g�N\�_�N�T1z�pV{eu�n�P) ( W	N) 0Am�R'`�n�P�p�a�NAm�R'` �Bl���bǌ��wg�]wQ�vQY�[�a�na/S�s6R�^KN'`�( h��N0�N2mW�[KN/S�s6R�^�Sǌ,g�{6R�`b_) 0�}8^3^�Sǌ,g3^KN���R'`�N g}Y�S�Y/S �BlKNwk�Sǌ�e�Ozl�[�$\vQ�a�laؚ�X�R�`�lKN|vu0  V{eu�n�PKNc	gGR�a�eL�\Y�P�RKNY�[0c	g�n�PKNb,g�N�S�O�_�n�P( ;� N) KN\O(u0���NY/S�S�bǌ-Nw�g�]wQ�u��[�s�N�bǌD}Tt֊��N(W	gP�����N��Bl g'Y6e�v�p�vj0   	N0��tec^%RD}T �CQTOhQt.YL�Y/SX[�^KN�k͑�(W1 9 6 0 t^�N}�p5 5 % �1 9 7 0 t^�N�p7 5 % ��1 9 8 0 t^�N�OGR(W5 8 % �7 0 % KN����2 0 0 0 t^�pt^�p6 6 % �Pkx�;N����c^( ��KQ0�lW�lΐ�Sw�c^) KN�k͑(W1 9 9 0 t^T� gؚ��p2 2 % �PkCQOUN�_M��1 2 % ��eWGR�1 9 9 1 t^ gؚޞKN9 . 4 % M��5 % �񂊓�k͑}�_�_(W3 . 5 - 4 % ���^t�X�lΐ�k͑�S	g0 . 7 % 0( h�mQ�SW�V)              NN��	g�N��|v-NW�[&N*g�c�O�[teKNxe�d��Vdkh�-N+T vQ�N*gRf��c^ 09h�dU B S KN0O���Y\ vQ�N*gRf��c^ 0}R�GR2 0 0 0 t^�^hQt.YL�KNY/SX[�^-N�CQ�k͑�p7 3 % �PkCQ�k͑�p1 4 % ��eW6 % �񂊓4 % 0 N�c�v/f�яt^�OhQt.YL�c	g�CQTOY/SX[�^�k֖͑�7 0 t^�NNM��FOU}\xeϑ�1 9 7 4 t^�O{S/f�t^
NGS0 �S9h�dU B S \.YL�KNOUwS���g�SvQ,g���TW.YL��_�OKN NKbǌ�eZPR�gq}��4 3 % .YL��S*��h�:yvQY/SX[�^KNc^%RD}T(W2 0 0 1 t^Bf�fZP͑'Y���R0 g8^���v���R�p�cؚPkCQ0n\�CQ�k͑�vQ!k�pn\�eW�k͑0\�e*g�OKNc^%RRM��`b_�5 5 % h�:yNg9e���2 4 % h�:yg�X�RPkCQc	g�2 2 % h�:yg�X�R�CQ�1 9 % h�:ygn\�CQ�1 4 % h�:ygn\�eW�2 % h�:yg�X�R�eW0 ǌ�e_No�:y�.YL�KNY/SX[�^-N�*g�OPkCQ�v\�e�CQKN�k͑g�cؚ�FON�z/f8o2��v�Nc	g�CQKNU}\ёM��S���Ng|~�~
NGS0  �V0�X�R�bǌ�]wQ �_wk�Sǌ�ew�O�hQt.YL�'Y}	g6 5 % �7 0 % KNY/SX[�^�bǌ�e?e�^�P8R0@b�N���W�Y/SX[�^c^%RD}Tb?e�^�P8R�Of}KN9e���\Tr�c^%R?e�^�P8RKN�Pg"uuq_��0�Y�(W1 9 8 0 �S1 9 9 0 t^�N��WlQ�P(WYAm�ϑt^bw��s9 % �hQt.YL��CQX[�^GRt^�X1 1 % 0яt^�OhQt.YL��CQX[�^t^�X�s�N�p1 1 % ( ;��N) ���WlQ�PKNAm�(WYxeϑ{S�X�RNY�ubn\( ;�	N) 0�Y�g�.z���R|~�~N�S��.YL��SNRcevQY/Sǌ"u�vQ�N�CQ�bǌ�]wQ�GR.YL�c	g�WlQ�PKN�k͑\�t^
NGS( W�N) ��WlQ�P\�Q�s:���sa���Pg�v\�v
N2o��B}\�OF e d   �SvQ�NTW.YL��c(u�WlQ�P�NYKNvQ�N"u�T0            �N�WlQ�P&NN�P N,��N�`�P�v�����[hQ0N��S2 0 t^�O�vQ����1Xl��sS h a r p e   r a t i o �kǌ"u�b�b�P8R( A B S ) 0lQ�S�P( C o r p o r a t e ) b?e�^
��R_j�i�P8R( A g e n c i e s ) GWNO( h�N) ��Q�s��1Xl��sKN!kxe_N�kvQ�N�bǌ�]wQY( h�kQ) 0�Vdk�N֊�W��?e?eV{�YUO��p�cؚ1Xl��s�.YL��_��R7_vQ\T.z�bǌ�]wQKN\mi�wX�0     9h�dU B S KNOUwS���gq}��  4 8 % .YL��S*��h�:y�WlQ�PKNAm�ϑn\�]OvQ�bǌV{eu�Sǌ"uM�n|vu9e��08^���c�Sg(W2 0 0 2 - 2 0 0 3 t^���X�R�v�bǌ�]wQ�pU S   A g e n c i e s ( 3 1 % ) 0S o v e r e i g n   e u r o b o n d s ( 1 8 % ) 0A B S ( 1 6 % ) 0N�R"u�b�b�P8R( M B S �1 4 % ) 0M�u'`ё��FU�T( D e r i v a t i v e s �1 3 % ) 0yrx��vlQ�S�P( S e l e c t   C o r p s �1 2 % ) 0��_OUwSǌ�e_N�Sw�Q�.YL�\S o v e r e i g n   G l o b a l s 0S e l e c t   C o r p s     0�_W�vN�R"u�b�b�P8R( P f a n d b r i e f e s ) 0�_WT\Oё�^|vL��v�P8R( L a n d e s b a n k ) 0A B S I{�bǌ�]wQKN�c�S�^�]�1 9 9 8 t^Bf'YE^�cؚ0( h�]N)     �S�dq}��5 2 % .YL��S*��h�:y�]�c(uM�u'`ё��"u�T( �St^4 8 % ) �S�b�P8RQY}( b o n d   c o n t r a c t ) 0��c^g��( e u r o c u r r e n c y   f u t u r e s ) 0`�gY/S0)R�s�S��c^�N�c( i n t e r e s t   r a t e   a n d   c u r r e n c y   s w a p s ) 0�^-�^4X�S�Nf@bx��d
k02 8 % � �S*��h�:y�]������υx��d
kKNI�8R( s e c u r i t i e s   w i t h   i m b e d d e d   o p t i o n s ) ( �St^Mb1 8 % ) ��K�(uM�u'`ё��FU�T g�d�_�vOUL�/f����U�0O��v�c0����v	gHe'`�S�|q}����0�S	g\*g�c(uM�u'`ё��FU�T�Mbh�:y�d�_Am�R'`�S�l�R'`0 a�v/f�9h�dU B S ��N2m.YL��_�OKN���[�1u�e\U S   A g e n c i e s �bǌ�]�vvuؚ( ;��V) ��N2m.YL��_X�a�navQ�N�b�]wQ0�SY�1u�e�CQ)R�sU��ewk�SNOޞ��N2m.YL�_N�d�_vQ*g�}���KNw�g�CQlQ�P�bǌ\�O�S���Q�s͑'Yd1Y0  �N0Y萓}t�N( e x t e r n a l   m a n a g e r ) �vX�(u Y/SX[�^KN�bǌ�{t�]b.YL�͑���N�RKN N0FO'Y�R.YL�,g��bǌ�n�S	gHe�}�q>wY�ܖ�v�bǌ�]wQ0�VdkY萓}t�NKNX�(u/f�_���v0 �dU B S q}��6 8 % �v.YL��S*��h�:y�]�c(uY萓}t�N�\*g�c(u�_N	g4 8 % ckMzui�na�c(u0X�(uY萓}t�N�vt1u�_Y( h�AS) �FO g͑���v��/f���X�R6e�v0             NP}Y�v�}t�N�_�wQ�PNR�h�N� �x�[�N㉕bǌ�N�v �Bl0 �N�>~Hè�_@bb�d�v����0 	g�_nZi�v�bǌ�Tt��wS�g��[�v��Bl/f&T�S��T�b�/f&TTt0 �c�OEQ���vǌ�n��Y��bǌ\�[�S�_�R�T�]0 h��s��	g N��'`�N֊/f�d\O�e_0>~Heh��sb�NrRHe�s0 .YL�(Wx��dY萓}t�NBf�GR�afRvQx�(uY萓}t�NKN�_���h�N��naY萓}t�NKN�bǌ�Tt����nZi\��"}�SKNfR�v���υ�v��(u�SY萓}t�N/f&Tg�c�OvQ�N�R0  mQ0�W�ncj( b e n c h m a r k ) KNx��d �W�ncj/f0 NP�S(u�O�[��U�0O�bǌV{eu/f&T	gHe�WL�KNhs�z�v1Xl��s( r a t e   o f   r e t u r n ) b��y�s( h u r d l e   r a t e ) 0( ;��N) 0 g8^��(u�Ovu\O�W�ncj�v/fcxe( i n d e x e s ) �$\vQ/f�]lQ��|vh�N�p^4X@b�q�`�vcxe��Y�S a l o m o n   B r o t h e r s   W G B   I n d e x 0J .   P .   M o r g a n   G l o b a l   I n d e x I{�FO_N�S�N/f�O,g�� �Blϑ���\O�vǌ"uD}Tbcxe�_N�S�N/fmiLu@b�c�O�v'`��vя�v�Wёbǌ"uD}T0 .YL�(W�^�zvQY/SX[�^KN�W,g�{t�g�iBf��SR�Nek_��O2�L�� ��HQ-��[teԚV{eu�vj( s t r a t e g i c   o b j e c t i v e s ) �S�b1Xl��s�vj( r e t u r n   t a r g e t s ) 0�����[�_�^( r i s k   t o l e r a n c e ) �SU�0Og( t i m e   h o r i z o n ) 0   zl�[�S�bǌKN�]wQ( i n v e s t m e n t   u n i v e r s e )  ��[�bǌ?eV{( i n v e s t m e n t   p o l i c y ) �x��[�W�ncj�&N-��[c\�SGR( g u i d e l i n e ) �NAQ1�@\�0bS�
N( t a c t i c a l ) �v��te0 x��dǌ"uD}T�{t�e_�Mzuib�mui0�YY�{tb�L��{t0 c�~�la�j��9h�d�}t�NKN�S�a�S^4XKN|vU\��O�V{eu�vj�S�bǌ?eV{0 �zl�[Y/S�bǌD}Tw�g>~Heh��s g͑���vek_��p�W�ncj�vx��[0x��[�N�W�ncj�~^NN1\�]zl�[�N*g�O�S��rs�SKN gؚ1Xl�09h�d�[I�R�g��mui�v!j�d�W�ncj\Oǌ"uM�n( sS@b��v-N'`�MO�n e u t r a l   p o s i t i o n ) �1\'Y}�Srs�S�bǌD}T*g�O gؚ�S��1Xl��s�v9 1 . 5 % 0��Y�g9h�dc\�SGR�Q�c�SMzui�vǌ"uM�n0x��d�bǌj�vI{L��R�_NNN�O1Xl��s�cGSvQ��v9 . 5 % 0( WmQ�SWN) 0o�6q�W�ncj�vx��d/f�_͑���v0       NP}Y�v�W�ncj�wQ�PNR���N� �Nh�'`�@b+T�bǌ�]wQ����(Wr��]wQ@bl\ǌ"u^�%R( a s s e t   c l a s s ) -NwQ�Nh�'`�_N�����Nh��bǌ�NKN �Bl0 �SL�'`��_�/f�S�[���WL��v�bǌx��d����bǌ�N�S!j�d�bǌ0 lQ��'`��OlQ���vǌ
���N�[���v0	g }�_�v�e_�}6R�b0  N�'`���bǌ�N�v�vj0P�6R0����OP}Y N�0  N��'`��_�/f(W��[�bǌ?eV{Bf1\HQx��[�Nc�~O(u0  bP�S�N�_����1Xl�KNwk�Sǌ�eR�g��O�c�V{eu�vj�S�W�ncjKNx��d/f&T�_�[0 �bǌgP�( ;�mQ) � gя~^t^�O�ǌ,g^4XAm�R'`9e�U�$\vQ	g�N.YL��c	gKNY/SX[�^�S'Yϑ�X�R��p��Bl�ؚKN1Xl��s�.YL�\-Nw�gI�8RKN�bǌ'YE^
NGS0FO9h�dh�AS NKNR�g�Tg%RKN�WlQ�P-N�7 �1 0 t^gKNS h a r p e   R a t i o    g�]0�Vdk��Y�g���bǌ�WlQ�P��N7 - 1 0 t^g�p�W�ncjg}Y�vx��d0             �bǌ�]wQ�9h�dh�AS�N�Sh�AS	NR�g��Y�g���bǌ1 �3 t^g�bǌ�]wQ�GRlQ�S�P0ǌ"u�b�b�P8R0�}���KNhQt?e�^�P8Rcxe( G l o b a l   G o v e r n m e n t   I n d e x e s   ( h e d g e d ) ) KN����1Xl��r�l0( ;�N) 0FOQ�{�bǌgP���w���bǌ�]wQ�X�R�'Y�R.YL�\�bǌ�]wQKN�O(u�Tꌄ�/f��Bl(WA A }�N
N0$\vQ	g�N�bǌ�]wQ( �YlQ�S�P) KN�bǌ�����'Y��f�_��laRcevQ����0�_WkQ�Sw�Q��Y�g�bǌ�e�WlQ�P�vQ�bǌ������bǌI�8Rxe�vܕ�ON'Y�FO傕bǌlQ�S�P�1\�_��X�RI�8Rxe�v�NRce����0                ��-�.YL�(W2�eQE M U �_��V\Y/SX[�^KNAm�R'` �BlM�NO�W�͑�e1Xl��sKN�cGS��Vdk\Y/SX[�^KN�{t�c�MzuiKNKa�^0�NP\lQ�S�P}eQ�bǌ�]wQ-N0���p�S��ZP}Y�����{t( ;�kQ) �lQ�S�P/fPN/��v�bǌ�]wQ0(Wx�g-N��NP�_ؚ��vh�:yvQY/SX[�^1Xl��s�x�[�V��cؚ�N9 1 1 �N�N&N*g\vQlQ�S�P�bǌ"uu͑'Yq_���_N�l	g��0RE n r o n �P8R0( FON�wW o r l d C o m �SvQ�N�_�Ox��~�QOUL�KNlQ�S/f&T(WvQ�bǌ�{W-N�)    3 ) U�0Og( T i m e   H o r i z o n ) KNx��d �bǌD}T>~He�U�0Og�vx��d	gܕ0�NM e r r i l l   L y n c h   1 - 3 t^g�WlQ�Pcxe�SS a l o m o n   1 - 3 t^ghQt?e�^�P8Rcxe�p�O��_W]N�SWAS�Sw�QU�0Og�p Nt^KN��M�1Xl��s( (Wdkc1Xl��sؚ�QL I B O R KN�R) w�O�U�0Og�p	Nt^�'Y01u�ef}�NY萓}t�NKN>~HeNsё�8^/f9h�d��M�1Xl��O��{���M�1Xl��pckBf��/e�NY萓}t�N>~HeNsё���M�1Xl��p��Bf�Y萓}t�N�SN�_��"�0�Vdk�U�0Og�p Nt^��S��	gBf��N�Q'YF{>~HeNsё�	gBf{S�S�_��L����d�'Y�vd1Y0�Y�gU�0Og�p	Nt^�sS�S9e�Udk.z�`�l0 -N.Y��L��e�[MO�pw�g�bǌ�N�яt^�O\-Nw�gI�8RKN�bǌ�S'YE^
NGS��na�^w�vQU�0Og0              =~KN�.YL�(Wx��d�W�ncjBf��_�� 1 ) �N�R�[�v����1Xl����_�HQzl�[Y/SX[�^KN�W,g�{t�g�i( V{eu�vj0�bǌ�]wQ�S�bǌ?eV{) ��Q�d�Nx��d�W�ncj0 2 ) �N�x��[�N�W�ncj1\~^NN/fzl�[�Nǌ"uM�n?eV{0 3 ) �N��W�ncj�vx��d�S f�bǌ�N�v1Xl��vj�S�����[�_�^0 4 ) nZi�}t�N/f9h�d�W�ncj�O�d\O0 f}vRce�bǌMb��Bl�_����1Xl�KN gsOS0 NN�S� 1 ) \cjKNx��d��}t�NKNx��d�m�p NǊ0 2 ) x��dN&{T�bǌ�N����1Xl��vjKNcj0 3 ) x��dN&{T�bǌ�c
kKNcj0 4 ) �}8^ߍ��^4Xh��s�9e��cj0 �c(u*Y�w�vU�0Og0  N0Þё�n�P яt^�O�Þё\O�p�[�e�n�PKN҉r��S0Rꌑu���υ�S�OhQÞёKNb,g�Sؚ�$\vQ/f(W}r�m0R,dK�OUL�Bf�ÞёKN�Nf&NN�e�O�Nя N0�NASt^�Oё�PKNh��s&NNt�`�1�YW�[�Vdkzl�[M�NOÞё(WvQteԚ�n�P-N�v0WMO0 �x�[�яt^�OÞё(W.YL��n�P-N@bTOKN�k͑M�NO( TWc	gÞё�n�PTOhQ萖n�PKN�k͑ˊ�S�h� N) 0�NёM�� ��(W1 9 8 0 t^TO.YL�hQ萖n�PKN5 8 % �2 0 0 2 t^3 g�^�STO1 2 % 0�N͑ϑ� ��(W1 9 6 5 t^T�0R gؚ�\�_�~^NN/f N�N�n�2 0 0 2 t^3   g�^�p9 3 8 ~v,��v�e  ( �bT}2 9 CSxV) ( WAS N) 0�`�1 9 9 5 � t^�N�O��N2mTWÞёc	gϑP/f���RN'Y��St^-NqQ0�_ӌc	gϑ�S��X�R( h�AS�V) 0       6q��vMR�W0�_W0^t�X0�lW�S�'Y)R0w�-�I{c	gÞё�n�PTOvQteԚ�n�PKN�k͑�Nؚ�_N�Vc	gÞё�n�P�>e�h�NN\�a�_�v6eeQ( WAS�N) 0�Vdk�֖6q1 9 9 9 t^1 0 g�r^;N��W�[=|���v�TS�[( W a s h i n g t o n   A c c o r d ) �\�S�TS�[KNTW�Q.UÞёKNxeϑ�N�NP�6R�FO\ÞёAm�S( m o b i l i z a t i o n ) KN���R�N6qN��0N�S=|}TWc�~�Q.UÞё�*g=|}TW�f/f�R��RSvQÞёǌ"u( WAS	N) 0ÞёKN�Q.UN�Q�����p/f?e�l�N�N��S�/f N.zePhQ�v�n�P�{t?eV{0              NN���Pq}
N�NÞё\O�pB}uiǌ"uKN���_�N*g�[hQ�m1Y�#�F e d ;N-^G r e e n s p a n ���fh�:y(Wui�z�v�`�lN( �Y�_W(W1 9 4 4 t^0bBfKN�`�l) ��l�[��c^( f i a t   m o n e y ) \1Y�SHe(u��Bf�S	gÞёMb/f/e�N�v-N�N0�Nw�g� ��ё�P�vQ�N�bǌ�]wQKNh��sHT�s���vܕ( h�AS�N) ��Vdk��(W�bǌD}T-N�ReQÞё��SM�NO1Xl��sKN�l�R'`( v o l a t i l i t y ) 0�SY�ё�PKN1�g�_w�( WAS�V) �1 9 7 0 t^�NBfc	gÞёKN>~Heh��so�}Y�֖6q�1 9 8 0 t^�N�Oё�Ph��sNsO�FON���_1\�l	g����v_jg0�fUO�l.YL�_N�S�N)R(uÞёX[>k0ÞёP��( g o l d   l e n d i n g ) 0Þё�N�c( g o l d   s w a p s ) I{�e_�O�cؚvQÞё�n�PKN1Xl��s0@b�N֖6q�_\	g.YL����pÞё�a(WvQ�n�P-NTO͑��0WMO�FO'Y�R.YL��NY\c	g N�NÞё0�.YL�ÞёX[>kbÞё�N�cёM��_�Nt^MRKN2 5 0 0 xV�0R�vMR
NGS�p5 0 0 0 xV�gP�_N���O��w�( 2   �  1 0 t^) ��N)R(u)R�sM�u'`"u�T��Y�c)R( i n t e r e s t   r a t e   s w a p �  I R S ) 0`�g)R�sTS�[( F R A ) I{�O���[�ؚKN6e�v0                 kQ0P}���S�^p� (Wx�g-N	g�NOU�S��SN�S���c(u-Nw�g�v�W�ncj��OYuؚrs)R�v_jg�FO�OI� gNO1Xl��s�pL I B O R �T{Hh/f�N�S���	g�l	g���lN�y�RÞё�\ÞёYu(W�Sc	g�KNWgQ��\OÞёP���T{Hh/f��l���l� �1\�Yё��^4X-N֖	grs�_����>rNs�v�bǌt֊�_N	g1�Yؚ���v�bǌ\�[�FO�NP�S��JT4��`ؚ����Mb	gؚ1Xl��u���Y�gN�[Na�}�q�ؚ����NFO�_N0Rؚ1Xl����gb��ؚd1Y0�*`ӗW.YL�oR=~��_N�_aha0Wh�:ygg\�[P��K�(uHQ2��v�bS��S�]wQ�|vU\�Q�f�yx[�v�n�P�{t�|q}0 NN��^4X
N	gBf�x�[X[(WW��v\�O�[�v�bǌ_jg��Y�g�cMzui�v�{t�e_��bOO_jg��N	g�S��(W�X�R	gP������v�`�lN�X�R6e�v0_N1��X�R�v6e�v&NNY�FO�N�Ydk�]M��vY/SX[�^�O�d\O�/}Mzw��O_N�vvu�S��0�dU B S 0O�.YL����9�Na�v9e��vQ�n�P�{t?eV{��kt^�S�cؚ}1 2 0 Q�CQKN6e�v0�Vdkx��di�T��]�v�W�ncj��Q�cL�Mzui�v�bǌV{eu�&N�la�����v�cg}Y�v�{tY/SX[�^�e_0�N�S	g(WMzui�v�{t�e_N�Mb��|v�c*Q�y�v�NMb���}�NMb�&NN�q�`^4X��N�^4X�,� N^4X	g�N��qS_j�_NMb���S�e|v�s0 �SY�U B S _NlQ���c��.YL��na�c}�e�RaWG I C !j_�\�R��M��n�PR���{t��c(u�fY�v�bǌ�]wQ0/f&T�_N/f�vMR�q���vxvz��L�0  ;� N�яt^�O��/n0�Scp�S-NqQ/}Mz�N'Yϑ�vY/SX[�^�vQ�R_j_N1�&N^�hQ/f�p�N�}�o�FO{Sk^�R��NW�[�N�NO�vb,g�^N�ё�����f0��N��M��n�P�_N��1z�p�O�_�n�P( c o n f i d e n c e   r e s e r v e ) 0 ;��N��CQ�n�P/}Mz��^�NLu�}�obw��s0/S�s6R�^0?e�^/f&Tr^��SPkCQ\.YL�8T_�RI{�V }GW	gܕ0 ;�	N�2 0 0 0 t^�Wo���?e�^�v��{�v�ؚT�2 3 7 0 Q�CQ�Ee�WlQ�P|vL�ϑn\0FOя�O��{�S�`S0�d}v�[0O���Wo���?e�^��{(W2 0 0 5 t^\�Q�s1 0 0 0 Q�CQKNd�W[0 ;��V��vMRhQtTW.YL�c	gKN�W?e�^
��R_j�i�P8RqQ8 0 0 Q�CQ�TOvQ�CQY/SX[�^KN1 1 % 0 ;��N�9h�dA I M R   B e n c h m a r k   a n d   P e r f o r m a n c e   A t t r i b u t i o n   S u b c o m m i t t e e   KN�[�0 ;�mQ�.YL�(W��[�bǌ?eV{Bf�\gP�KN���[W�͑(WX[�~g( d u r a t i o n ) �^�nQg( r e d e m p t i o n   p e r i o d s ) ��VX[�~g����n�xU�0O^4X����0 ;�N���la�v/f#j,gg���p1 9 9 1 - 2 0 0 1 t^�dkBf�W�}�o��R|vU\��QOUL�KNlQ�S�\0�Nt^�N�O��WOmiOUL��Su��Y�g�c	glQ�S�P������_'Y�S h a r p e   r a t i o P``_NNg*Y}Y0 ;�kQ���-�.YL�KN�����{tS�b1 ) P�6RlQ�S�P�bǌTOhQ�Y/SX[�^KN�k͑2 ) ��[ gNO�O(uU�I{3 ) N��!kBlQ
k�P8R( s u b o r d i n a t e d   d e b t ) 4 ) P�6R����V A R ) I{0  D��� ӗWKQg��c^qS_j( c u r r e n c y   c r i s i s ) KN�}W��SӗW.YL�KNY/SX[�^�{t- - ӗW.YL�oR=~��M r .   C h e u l   P a r k   �eU B S -N.Y��L�x�go�;N��gQ�[   N0KQg��c^qS_jKN�}W� 1 0��c^qS_jKN�S�V ӗW��c^qS_j���V�eOmiN��^�d5_�ё��_j�iPeQN�Y�wgY�P( Y/SAm�R'`����) �ё���vt_jܕ\ё��_j�i�S*g�U�R�{t�N�V�d�_P��g\�}�o"uu͑'Yq_���:ON7_�ё��_j�i�SlQ�S ��Q^4XKN_j6R0 1 9 9 6 t^ӗWWgQFUmi;m�R'YE^n�}�1 9 9 7 t^Y�['YOmi�c�N#�	Nw�eQ���R�V�X�Oё��_j�i�X3^�X�R�ё��Ԛ�|w�eQ�m�N���S0RYW�bǌ�N�bU}�N�lW0pSNek�c�OKNq_���ӗWKN;N
kU�I{_N'YE^NM�01 9 9 7 t^1 0 g���/n|vuё��qS_j�YWё��_j�i�bU}U\�^�wg�O(u��VKNӗCQ'YE^���Y/SX[�^_N�m��k�v0 �Vdk�ӗW��c^qS_j� N,�w��V�e0/S�s6R�^�P�V�m��S����Wё�b_j'`;e�d0�NT0 2 0�zl��c^qS_jKN�e�l 1u�eI M F KNǌ�R( ;�) �ӗW�Y�_MQ�e�[HO�^r�Q�NvQ�P�R0��_����KN�R�O/f(W�OcY/SX[�^KNAm�R'`�Siz�[/S�s0ӗW?e�^|vL��VASQ�CQKNYc^�P8R�&N�YWё��_j�iTSFUU\�^�wgY�P�9e�c�1unm�R/S�s_j6R&N�cL�ؚ)R�s?eV{�Niz�[/S�s���>e��c^�Sǌ,g^4X�N8T_YǌAmeQ0 (W1 9 9 8 t^,{�Nc[ӗCQ�VGS0Y/S^4Xiz�[�_����Y�8o�cL��[�KN=~Ԛ�}�o?eV{��NMQ�[�FUmi;m�R2� Nek�}.~0��L�����Y�b>k)R�s(W��c^qS_jBf�fT�  3 0 % �N
N��1 9 9 8 t^7 g�VM��qS_jMRKN4l�n1 2 % �1 9 9 9 t^4 g�f4x)YR�M��4 % 0 �SY�?e�^�X�R/e�Q�NM�NO1Ymi�s�&N'Y���v(W�VP萀�- - ё��萀�0lQ�S萀�0�R�R^4X�SlQqQ萀�- - 2�L�P}�i'`�v9ei�0dkU��P1\ё���SlQ�S萀�KN9ei�2�L��֊0 1 ) ё��͑�^ ��c^qS_j�_�1�YlQ�SP���ё��_j�i>�>e�V�'YE^
NGS01 9 9 7 t^�^�ё��_j�i>�>e8 6 FQӗCQ( >�>e�k1 6 . 1 % ) �1 9 9 8 t^6 g>�>e�oGS�1 3 6 FQӗCQ( >�>e�k2 6 . 2 % ) ��hQԚ��L�萀��[6eǌ,gM�NN�1 5 FQӗCQ0ё��_j�i!q�lhs�U�t�Ydk�]M��v>�>e0 (W�.z�`�lN�ё��^4XN��ck8^K�\O��fYlQ�S�V�V͑�O(u�}.~�P����Oё��_j�i>�>e�f�p�o�X0�.z�`'`�_�tOӗW�}�o'YE^p� �0 �pKQg�O(u�}.~�ӗW?e�^L|ƖlQqQǌё��leQё��Ԛ�|��Nk^�RP��KNё��_j�iQ�NX[>k�&Nk^�R\�SX[;mKNё��_j�i9e�UvQǌ,gP}�i�S�zl>�>eOUL�0 ё��͑�^@b�leQKNlQqQǌё�2 0 0 1 t^�^BfT�1 5 5 FQӗCQ0��Nǌё;N��/f1uӗWX[>k�O��lQ�S( K D I C ) �SӗWǌ"u�{tlQ�S( K A M C ) |vL��P8RL|Ɩ( qQ1 0 2 FQӗCQ) �vQ�NGR�p?e�^ǌё�SlQqQǌё��>k( r e c o u p m e n t   o f   p u b l i c   f u n d s ) 0ӗWX[>k�O��lQ�S�Sǌ"u�{tlQ�SKN�P8R,go`�}WgTa1u?e�^�OI�0 �S N�eb��Ni�T|~�~�}�qKNё��_j�iGR7_돓}1uTuObn�{ ��Q^4X��VdkFUmi��L��[xe1uqS_jMRKN3 3 �[�2 0 0 1 t^�^bkn�p2 0 �[�}4 0 % �v�T�]1Y�S�]\O�S�bFU�N��L�( m e r c h a n t   b a n k ) ��O���SI�8RlQ�S02Q��_j�i(WgQKN5 9 6 �[ё��_j�i( 2 9 % ) ��TuOb ��Q^4X0 �}N�dk!k͑�^�ӗWё��Ԛ�|tmkp͑u�FUmi��L�KN>�>e�k�s1uqS_j�_KN2 6 % �2 0 0 1 t^�^M��p3 . 3 % �B I S ǌ,gi����k�s_N�_s^GW7 % GS0R1 0 . 8 % �2 0 0 1 t^KN�m)R( n e t   p r o f i t ) �p5 . 3 FQӗCQ��Nt^�gg�RP0 2 ) lQ�S͑te (WlQ�S͑te�eb��d��}U�0O�pNi�T|~�~�}�q���� ��Q^4XY�1�Y;N��"umi�Y}lʎ0��5�0JS\Ԛ_NMzui�Q.UvQ(WwmY�v�Nmi�n\P���9e1u�N���^8T6eǌ,g��N9e�UvQ���RP}�i0lQ�S&N9e�N��Blrs)R�p�vj�^��d5_��!j0�}dk9ei���� �mi���P\ǌ,g�k�s( d e b t   t o   e q u i t y   r a t i o ) 1u1 9 9 7 t^KN3 . 9 6 P}�M��p2 0 0 1 t^KN1 . 8 2 P0  3 09ei��vbHe 1 9 9 8   t^ӗW�}�o��bw�6 . 7 % �FO1 9 9 9 02 0 0 0 02 0 0 1 t^R%Rbw�1 0 % �1 0 % �S3 % 02 0 0 2 t^��bw�6 % 0 1u�e�d�_of#lN��q�S��_|v�����9��,gt^  5 g�ӗW.YL��cؚvQ��Y�b>k)R�s�vj0 1u�eӗCQ����1 9 9 8   t^�N�O��}8^3^HT'YE^��]�ǌ,g3^�NHT�mAmeQ0ǌ�eo�:yY�NI�8R�bǌ�o�X�2 0 0 2 t^4 gYW�bǌ�Nc	gӗW
N^b
N�jlQ�SKN��hyёM�ؚT�9 0 0 Q�CQ( TO^4X=~ǌ,gKN3 3 % ) �`�ؚ�e1 9 9 7 t^KN5 0 Q�CQ( 1 5 % ) 0 qS_j|vuBf�ӗW�vY/SX[�^M��3 9 Q�CQ0vQ�_�1u�e�}8^3^c�~��]�YǌKNAmeQ�2 0 0 1 t^9 gY/SX[�^�]��N�1 0 0 0 Q�CQ02 0 0 1 t^�^\Y�P
k( t o t a l   e x t e r n a l   c l a i m s ) 1 6 3 0 Q�\Y���P( e x t e r n a l   i n d e b t n e s s ) 1 1 8 0 Q�CQ��m�P
k4 5 0 Q�CQ0ӗW;N
kU�I{�1 9 9 9 t^�]�V0R�bǌ}0,gt^4 gM o o d y f}�NӗWKN;N
kU�I{�fGS�pA 0 1u�eMzui�vё��͑�^0lQ�S͑te�i�vu�v=~Ԛ�}�o?eV{�ӗW�]KQg�NqS_j��V0Rck̎0FO�.z9ei��_�c�~�Mb��7_S�z-r�R��cؚ�}�o[o�R0  �N0Y/SX[�^KN�{t 1 0 gi�Y/SX[�^��!j (WY/SX[�^KNc	g�eb���vMRӗW�cTNLu,{�N��P!k�e�e0-N0�S0/n0�YUO�{t�Ydk��'Y�vY/SX[�^��}c gi���!j��cؚ1Xl�&N\O}Y�����{t�/f N'Yc0b0 Y/SX[�^�cؚ�V6q�S�X�R\�bgQY���RKN���R�FO_N�X�R�N�}cX[�^KN_jgb,g0.YL��_�(WWgQ�P8R^4X|vL���c^iz�[�P8R( M o n e t a r y   S t a b i l i z a t i o n   B o n d s ) �N8T6e�V��eQY/S�N��^�X�R�vAm�R'`01u�eWgQ�W��)R�sKN�]pu�dk.z��c^�d\O�v�c�X�Rb,g���d( ӗCQ)R�s��CQ0PkCQؚ) ��e/f�O�Q�s�vMRY/SX[�^��!j/f&Ti�vu�vOUL�06q��YUO��{ NW gi�Y/SX[�^��!j&N!qbr�VN4x�v��GR�S�_0��na�wg�P�R�SY�NI�8R�bǌ��NӗW�vMR�vY/SX[�^�a�N�wgWY�P
k�vAm�Q�a!qOUL��FO_N ��naё��͑�^�lQ�S͑teKN�`b_���	gWSSӗKNܕ�O2�U\0  2 0�cGS1Xl��s Y/SX[�^�v�S N�O�n�pK�(uY/SX[�^@b�_KN1Xl�01udk��X�RKNY/SX[�^Ngq_��WgQ��c^�Of}�_N1\N �|vL��P8R����dM�Yb,g0 ��W�Y/SX[�^KN�_�/}Mz�ӗW_N�PNLuvQ�NTW N#j��R�eY/SX[�^1Xl��sKN�cؚ�FO_NN^gqS�SY/SX[�^KN�[hQ'`�SAm�R'`0�c�SKN�e�lS�b� �d'Y�bǌ�{W�d��N?e�^�P8R�_N}eQؚ�bǌI{}KN^�?e�^�P8R0 �cؚ�Y�W��ǌ"u�{tlQ�S�{tKNY/SX[�^�k͑0 �X�RD����V�Nf( r e p o   t r a d i n g ) �S�P8RP��( s e c u r i t y   l e n d i n g ) �&NN���YMzuiK�(u N�N�Nf�b�]��Y�v\�PR�g( r e l a t i v e   v a l u e   a n a l y s i s ) �SM�u'`FU�T�Nf( d e r i v a t i v e   t r a d i n g ) 0 �c�SW��_j�i�S�bǌlQ�SKN�b�g�R0  g͑���v/f|~�~�R�R�cGS.YL�gQ萠����{tY/SX[�^�N�TKN\mi�wX�0  3 0�����{t (W-��l�cؚ1Xl��sKNTBf�_N�_��la����KN�{t0 �O(u����( c r e d i t   r i s k ) �ӗW.YL����p�N��V��v�c��S�N�c6R�O(u������VdkP�6RvQ���bǌKN"u�T�O(uU�I{�_�(WA A �N
N0_N-��[�Vf\Kb�&N-��[�NfM��^0 Am�R'`����( l i q u i d i t y   r i s k ) �(W��c^qS_j|vuMR�ӗW.YL�	g�RY/SX[�^X[>e�e,gWё��_j�iKNWYRL��FO(WqS_j|vuBf�{S!q�l6e�Vǌё0�Vdk�ӗW.YL��Y�NN�QX[>eY/S�e,gWё��_j�i0 �SY��p2���eY�v�wgY/S/e�N �Bl�ӗW.YL�yr\ N��NY/SX[�^�R�pAm�R�n�P�  �bǌ�eAm�R'`�S^4X'`ؚ�v��c^^4X�]wQ0 ^4X����( m a r k e t   r i s k ) �^4X���� g�	gHe�c6R0�V�pW��ё��^4X�v�y�R�eT�_㖖n�x�,n�@b�N�c(uV{eucj( s t r a t e g i c   b e n c h m a r k ) b�bǌ�nGR��S fw�g1Xl��S�����vj�S��k}�x�wg)R�s�S/S�sp��R�f	gHe(u0�SY�|vU\i�vu�v����,nϑ�]wQ_N/f�v,n^4X�����v	gHe�e�l0ӗW.YL��]-���Q���S fvQ�bǌ�vjKNX[�~g�Sc^%RD}Tcj�_NK�(u����v a l u e   a t   r i s k ) �S0O,n�k)Y�S��|vuKN g'Yd1Y�_N!j�d N�N\^4X	g͑'Yq_��KNwk�S�N�N( �Y�ўr�fg N0�N2m��c^qS_j�S9 1 1 P``;e�dI{) \O�X�R,nf�( s t r e s s   t e s t i n g ) 0�SY�_N�c(ui n f o r m a t i o n   r a t i o   �OU�0OvQ�}������teKN>~Heh��s0  	N0P}�� (W�_����R�vW��ё���t�XN( PkCQ�v��u0�WlQ�P^4X�v�.~0)R�s/S�s�l�R'`�cؚ) �NLuTW.YL��Sb��TLu��Bl�cؚ�f�^0�cؚ1Xl��s�S�}cW��^4X�y�^�v|Tr�0^g.YL��[P��K�(uHQ2��v�{t�bS��S�]wQ��v�R|vU\�Q�f�yx[�vY/SX[�^�{t�|q}0 ;��(W1 9 9 7 t^ё��qS_j�_�I M F P�NӗW1 9 5 Q�CQ02 0 0 1 t^8 g�ӗW��nP>k����[��>k�e�cMR	Nt^0   P A G E          P A G E      4 2      W N0hQt.YL�KNY/SX[�^�Þё�n�P  Þё�n�P  Y/SX[�^  $ b i l   U S   Þё�n�P  Y/SX[�^  2 0 0 2   1 9 9 6   1 9 9 0   1 9 8 4   1 9 7 8   1 9 7 2   1 9 6 6   1 9 6 0   2 , 5 0 0   2 , 0 0 0   1 , 5 0 0   1 , 0 0 0   5 0 0   0   2 0 0 2      1 9 6 0   Þё�P^�P0O�{  0  2   I n t e r n a t i o n a l   F i n a n c i a l   S t a t i s t i c s / U B S W   E s t i m a t e s      I M F   �  ǌ�e�O�n  0  1                                                                                    (  >  @  F  H  l  x  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �          (  D  R  p  �  �  �  �  �  �    &  H  P  R  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  (  >  R  V  �  *  L  h  x  �  �  �  �  6	  
  
  0
  <
  �
  �
  ������������������������������������������������������������������                    CJ  PJ o(5�CJ  PJ \�o(CJ  PJ  CJ o(5�CJ  PJ 5�CJ  OJ PJ 5�CJ  OJ PJ o( 5�>*CJ  OJ PJ o(5�>*CJ  OJ PJ  5�CJ( OJ PJ o(B   (  �  �  �    F  r  �  �  �  &  R  �  �  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            ~                         $a$   $������d�  �� UDI�]���^���a$   $���d�  �� VD�^���a$  $
&F ���d�  �� UD*�]���a$  $
&F ���d�  UD*�]���a$   $� �������d�  UD*�]���^���a$   $������UD*�]���`���a$   $������UD*�]���`���a$    �a  �a  �c  ���                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         �  �  �
       &  b  d         �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                              $�h�@UD� WDd ]�h`�@a$ 
  $�hUD� ]�ha$   $a$ �
          .  N  R  Z  j  r  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �         &  4  l  t  ~  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �    
          "  ,  2  4  <  D  J  P  R  T  ^  `  d               �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �    
      0  ����������������������������������������������������������������������������������� 5�CJ  PJ \�o(j    CJ PJ UmH nH u CJ  PJ o(CJ  PJ  5�>*CJ$ PJ \�o(S0  2  4  :  \  f  t  v  ~  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  B  F  z  |  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  "  $  �  �  �  �  �  �  &  (  *  ,  >  ^  f  r  t  v  ~  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �        $  *  4  ���������������������������������������������������������������������������������������   5�CJ  PJ \�o(j    CJ PJ UmH nH u CJ  PJ o(CJ  PJ W�  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  D  �  (  >  �  �  �  �  �  �  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                     
  $�hUD� ]�ha$ 4    F  N  R  V  h  t  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �    
  0  8  Z  `  l  r  x  |  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �    >  D  h  p  �  �  �  �          .  4  D  H  �  �      
    �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      
  8  :  >  @  �  �  �  �  �  �      \  `  r  �  �  ���������������������������������������������������������������������������������������   5�CJ  PJ \�o(j    CJ PJ UmH nH u CJ  PJ o(CJ  PJ W�  �  �  �  �  �  �  Z  �  �  �         "  $  &  (  *  ,  .  0  v  �       �    !  :!  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                     
  $�hUD� ]�ha$ �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �           t  x  |  ~  �  �  �  �  �      6  8  h  j  z  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �       @  B  Z  t  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �             6  8    D  R  p  z  �  �      &  F  �  �  �     0   6   R   h   t   �������������������������������������������������������������������������������������   >*CJ  PJ >*CJ  PJ o( j    CJ PJ UmH nH u CJ  PJ o(CJ  PJ Ut   v   z   |   �    !  !  2!  :!  �!  �!  �!  �!  �!  �!  "  "  4"  6"  :"  Z"  \"  $  $  *$  0$  r$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  %  P%  R%  �%  �%   &4&`&p&�&�&�&�&�&�&�&�&$'  0'  V'  t'  �'  �'  �'  �(  �(  �(  )  2)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  $*  �����������������������������������������������������������������������������   o(j    CJ PJ UmH nH u CJ  PJ  5�CJ  PJ \� 5�CJ  PJ \�o(CJ  PJ o(>*CJ  PJ o( >*CJ  PJ  M:!  �!  Z"  ^"  `"  b"  d"  f"  h"  j"  l"  n"  p"  �"  �"  �"  #  ,#  b#  $  $  2$  �%   &�            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                                              �hUD� ]�h  $
&F �h�h���UD� ]�h^�h`���a$ 
  $�hUD� ]�ha$  &�&�&�&$'  �'  �'  6(  �)  �)  �)  d*  �*  �*  +  :+  �+  �,  �,  �,  �,  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                       
&F
 �hUD� ]�h  
&F �h���^�h`���  
&F �h�h���UD� ]�h^�h`���   �hUD� ]�h  
&F �h�h���UD� ]�h^�h`��� $*  >*  8+  �+  �+  �+  �+  >,  @,  D,  J,  d,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  :-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  .  .  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  x/  z/  ~/  �/  �/  �/  0  0  0  0  $0  40  b0  d0  f0  h0  n0  t0  �0  �0  �0  �0  1  H1  J1  Z1  d1  j1  l1  �2  �2  �2  �2  �2  3  3  P3  R3  n3  p3  �3  �3  �3  �3  �3  �3  N4  R4  x4  |4  �4  �4  ������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������� j    CJ PJ UmH nH u CJ  PJ o(CJ  PJ [�,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  f0  �0  �2  �2  �2  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                   �h�� UD� VDK ]�h^��    �h�hUD� VD� ]�h^�h  
&F
 �hUD� ]�h   �hUD� ]�h �2  �2  �2  �2  �2  �2  �2  �2  �2  �2  3  �3  �3  �3  4  D4  N4  x4  �4  �4  �4  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �              
&F	 �h�f���UD� WD��]�h^�f`���   � ! �� �f���UDK WD��]�� ^�f`���   �h�f���UD� WD��]�h^�f`���   �hUD� ]�h   �h�� UD� VDK ]�h^��  �4  �4  �4  �4  5  �5  �5  �5  �5  "6  $6  46  <6  N6  T6  V6  ^6  `6  b6  j6  p6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  �6  >7  @7  F7  H7  P7  R7  V7  X7  �7  �7  �7  �7  �7  �7  �7  �7  8  68  n8  �8  �8  �8  �8  �8  9   9  "9  $9  &9  (9  n9  t9  x9  �9  �9  �9  �9  �9  �9  �9  �9  �9  ::  B:  D:  x:  �:  �:  ��������������������������������������������������������������������������������������� j    CJ PJ UmH nH u 5�CJ  PJ \�o(CJ  PJ  CJ  PJ o( W�4  �4  �4  5  �5  L7  N7  P7   9  &9  *9  ,9  .9  09  29  49  69  89  :9  ���������            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                 
  $�hUD� ]�ha$   �hUD� ]�h  
&F	 �hUD� ]�h �:  �:  �:  �:  �:  �:  �:  �:  :;  V;  `;  x;  (0BHJPRTt����������=  =  ,=  H=  N=  R=  d=  �?  �?  �?  �?  �@  �@  �@  �@  JA  LA  �A  
B  B  B  lB  nB  tB  |B  �B  �B  �B  �B  �B  C  JC  RC  lC  rC  �C  �C  �C  �C  .D  BD  LD  tD  �D  �D  $E  jE  nE  �E  �E  �E  �E  �E  �E  ���������������������������������������������������������������������������������������   5�CJ  PJ \�o(j    CJ PJ UmH nH u CJ  PJ o(CJ  PJ W��������=  �=  �>  �@  JA  B  nB  C  vC  �C  �D  NE  �E  F  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                �h���}�UD� WD��]�h^��`�}�   $�h���}�dh UD� WD��]�h^��`�}�a$   $�h���}�UD� WD��]�h^��`�}�a$ 
  $�hUD� ]�ha$ �E  �E  �E  �E  �E  F  8F  JF  RF  VF  ZF  hF  �F  �F  �F  �F  �F  �F  �F  G   G  "G  �G  �G  �G  �G  RH  ZH  \H  `H  I  I  (I  .I  4I  6I  8I  :I  (J  0J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  �J  K  K  @K  fK  jK  �K  �K  �K  �K   L  L  
L  L  L  L   L  (L  *L  ,L  8L  >L  DL  FL  LL  XL  vL  zL  �M  �M  �M  �M  N  N  &N2N  >N  @N  BN  ������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������5�CJ  PJ \� 5�CJ  PJ \�o(CJ  PJ  CJ  PJ o( ZF  �F  �F  �F  �F  �G  �H  I  $I  &J
K  �K  �K  �L  &M�M  �N  �O  �P  �P  ,R  .R  >R  �R  
S  �S  lU  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                             $�hdh UD� ]�ha$ 
  $�hUD� ]�ha$ BN  HN  NN  PN  pN  �N  DO  HO  LO  TO  ^O  bO  hO  nO  �O  �O  �O  �O  �O  �O  �O  �O  6P  >P  FP  NP  VP  XP  ^P  rP  vP  zP  �P  �P  �P  �P  �P  �P  �P  �P  �P  �Q  �Q  R  
R  R  R  R  &R.R  0R  >R  HR  XR  `R  dR  lR  nR  vR  xR  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  �R  S  $S  jS  rS  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  �S  T  T  FT  NT  PT  RT  bT  jT  ������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������� CJ  PJ o(CJ  PJ ajT  rT  zT  �T  �T  �T  �T  U  U  $U  ,U  @U  BU  DU  NU  fU  hU  jU  lU  �U  V  V  W  VW  �W  �W  �W  �W  �X  �X  �X  FY  FZ  bZ  lZ  �Z  �Z  �Z   [  ([  �[  �[  �[  �[  P\  T\  �\  �\  �]  �]  �]  �]  4^  ^^  "_  @_  �_  �_  �_  �_  �_  �_  �_  �_  �_  `  2`  V`  X`  �`  �`  ,a  4a  Ba  Ha  Pa  Va  ^a  fa  ha  ja  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  ���������������������������������������������������������������������������������� ���  0J  j    0J U	5�\�o(o(5�CJ  PJ \�o(CJ  PJ  CJ  PJ o( VlU  �U  �U  V  V  �V  �X  �X  �X  FY  �Y  
Z  8Z  ,[  P[  �[  �[  �[  �[  �\  L]  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                                                $
&F �h�h���dh UD� ]�h^�h`���a$  $
&F �h�h���dh UD� ]�h^�h`���a$     $�hdh UD� ]�ha$ L]  �]  0`  2`  &a�a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �              �5�- �I&�#$+D�    ���� &`#$    
  $�hUD� ]�ha$   �hUD� ]�h 
 $�hUD� ]�ha$   $�hdh UD� ]�ha$  $
&F �h�h���dh UD� ]�h^�h`���a$   $�h�hdh �� UD� VD� ]�h^�ha$ �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  �a  b  b  b  b  b  b  $b  (b  0b  4b  @b  Hb  Lb  Tb  Xb  `b  db  lb  pb  xb  |b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  c  c  � ������ �� � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � � �                               B*CJ OJ PJ aJ o(ph     5�B*	OJ QJ \�ph=� B*OJ QJ ph    5�B*OJ PJ \�o(ph     CJ   "5�B*CJ  OJ PJ \�aJ$ o(ph     0J mH nH uj    0J U0J �a  �a  b  b  b  b  b  b  &b(b  2b  4b  >b  @b  Jb  Lb  Vb  Xb  bb  db  nb  pb  zb  |b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                         �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  �b  c  c  c  c  c  c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                         c  c  c  c  c  ~c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  � � � � � � � � �                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               B*CJ OJ PJ aJ o(ph     B*CJ aJ ph    B*CJ OJ QJ aJ ph    B*CJ OJ aJ o(ph    �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �c  �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �            �                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
6 
001�h2P ��. ��A!�"��#��$��%�  �S����`!�Y  ��ފ9�֭�i�l�N�yT)          �  �  ��� �h '   �x�͚{lE�g��;���R9
@���A��
)��#�-h#)���BZI %�$��>(E���Պ� (���TP�?j�kc���+��[&�^��vf�;�����~7sPx��Ӏn|>%;� Ё \ t�� Ђ/U��BK���1#e(M�@0gFV���1�y3�Ly��!- n]5|�4R���4���`�����7�oq���6^��=��۳��l�C���9������;�]�A��
H]�GI���Ac��a��n�"�R���2��_�˃��'hUR���ˇ��^j'�(��ʼ9�:�=7r�_��h�&ތ����ס�ד���|���7�f�^�j�ޣ]��G�2 'r�������eie�7j���ɩ��u���j�v����T\��6'6P{��������x�HP�C��c�ҹ�N0?�c���}�c�ES�Q�?�g�حC���Xא����VzF3�KD2��������hEZ.�������M�=/����n7�e�Ry��`_�}�歱��[b�yK��v���I�+�kI�s��Ζ�u�x��P�m�uo�+�m*k�ρ����4ֺ�.����u��~�C��fu�ʀ)�"�v�g$ֺ@иle��Z��ٹ�PF�uK�~�vֺX7��X�b{�Zǵ�zxP,���l��ڭ\xD�[��p�I8|=���B�5��ߎ1�u~�hƿ�P��o Lq�W��{3�З�䛵b���nce6�q�y�@�-�2��$$�A�&��+2��C)UmA��v���Ӕ��x���%��p0ڪ: [�ǡ���xKT��{�ڨ1�+بQ�@�%�?a�k:YQAJU�IvrB�D�� �D��"�N�GN���*��JlG.M�*��KI�f�Ӕ��۶u
[*QY���kTWTN�.Ė�+R+Ok��4�r��^����w�;�NI��HB����Ŗ�+R+�@��E=c�����$;�Q �h'���{͒�f�_�d)���x�4HG|x(��5g�k�`����k�f��'cV$OF�8��"���S|0�Ɩj/V$T�xkT��3�1xAcE��^��Q�da�֠v�Y�1Od�閶b�W
X ځ^u�
�F����h-��	��G�E�@)�m-DR��>z�r�W0�e_F+\V�h):�h��{�q�2�DI���Q�(1�رH�=��`�QO�G7��F�$X����9J�H�g���ޱFՌ2E}/<
�.���m��H�#��Ga�xMl{8��֢��t�k�5U��S%Z�*P�Ž6�T#�*�"U�-],�YS)6�*�"�hy����ϊJ_E���U���*
�ƋcE�lߊ!��}��Ƌ�k�2!Ėxl���eH�w�J���l�H�1����O\]Bv��c�W;6+�h�U���X��U�e��	�����l���U��K�i��Ye|�ф��l�.S���L�:��\�h�����5/�?����d�����N��&��w��	�ؾL}b���N�g�@V�'	��VP�~{/��`�0��"�	��[�c��n�B��;e�9�B�8�Z�aw��?ǣd�:M|jj�ñ�	��o��\D:����Iw�ڗ�)�6���]�Y��>*�&�����[��*:R���/%gi����sr-�d*���J�f��g���X��@���^ҋ�����'詒aiyoM98�q�v��!�����߻3�n.��!k�x>n������{ZC�� �]��HX��?�#E`!�(  �DT�y��hF          �  �  ��� �h �
   �x��\{l����}����ea�PR²���9LL!ԁ�bQHj�XԱ�������i�DBH���j��~%`�v��I(VPE"SAZ��HnkJ S:��g쳍�fr���vf��7��o��D ��T X0�//��sn0�E/ < ���2�*�9#�}{ļ3ոA6(Y�lY�� ����}d��%����ܒ� '�g�c2�ۼ�a�@t�ara�%;��eO}��q���:�) �O��#p&��w�;t�����D�s���w=����n���|�c2�2��`J�t�Hw�4���}9�2e�2�z�t�D�s�zi��|�?�:�SGC��s�b���{o�k���co��
���B��>lT����hK��q��C����qѾ'[?:��iA�+�k�[�^�B�Ʒ�����}-���ٽ�d����:=���ܠh�u�L���Ę:AK:���U�_;��z�؉�y�\���L (Sn��T��|Cn8���U��2؆R�=�d�u�0i+(Y&J�{��%sg�}gq�$�%j� �(`�w���[C�e��2C|�����9�������=��/�;6�ǀ�{�Ǚr�^g�b�w��O�wJ3<8���(���?�hizr��[F�٬�N�LS��;�L.o�v��-C�x�O���G���\/�25"]^=L���΍?>9/�WkD��f�jK�0nd\���M��8����[[Qe��'ʦ�z��S��bv��}�������� �Q�Yl�����l +�"0ӆ.��c�Ns!�d���דc�E�Oj��a넵�5}�kt���H�B0+�]bOA�K�U�Q$u�q���F�8��3/n/!��lh��k���.�����o]�5*�FK�6�J��Vğ��Q�5�F��Na3O[�~S��/�5���~��?OA�~��} �	�
�5j��G����Y�J�g�*nz�k�Z�-,_���h�x��F����h��S�)��H�̱�v�1���H�h��$����R���D[�N���uJ4|�S"���v���F�2=_��i�Z�|�X�bv���VWsV� r�;�F�*��ٝ��rT���m�;��&�@X�����X�&_�z)s{^�ź�� 1���t�]~L���+1���d�v��gFY�j�3C���"ok27A�ai{�W������Ƚ�n��QW����Ej,@�-[�&��=��=!��!?1�����+mn��15B��gN�{�'	b7ǝ��nR���Q.�9�9�r���	����uY�s���ؽ�%�D�*@�Tx�^�@�O-�eZB���uc��3-EX��A듮�ZN\�cJ����*4�x��S�9܌�m�G�L�o�ы�"4�x���]��(�(�2��$� `��mI��!]����	,�ԯ��I;F�����zFc�R�l*��٬R4�B)�ԯU�]6�wXcH��0F���
�O�����}sܒ���|�*G��V���Mu]��xm��?��*�1b[�^2^� ����+]���nů���އ�z��|������mlz��g�{�=b�-�V�U#6?������&��5C����M��}A�����!�_���|�֏�����ik�CN�iS�J�]�-k�=��1�'�b������saΡ��L#6^m�����=hThq��wb�*儀W)�Q5be�%�q�o\/ag�:`�B���-��zBZP��X7s�lW%K���] �Ů���h��5����[�^�g��Qg�4o��mED�����?@�����5a5`�]��w
}
ݸ�	��牄�y��7��D��~"bna����S���F�۷%�-���&���D�[O���N�r�!1���*���ny�2�%ʀ���[�6�*���E����+�on!��y�~
H>��#Nc���{�x��t��1���� �̊�Z"Zw������_�T-w�q4g�ny���U�+P�=�Q����(S�=�Q�������pS'z�J�&S�����������5Z�0s�xuzIEu��ܥ�)���nX��'B���nX��'B�؊2�^�R��X�/xp�rf��e~F)���Ͷ���>o��)�mk��`ۋbj�5݈HO�Uݒ����~O#�r?�^j*���d��m�Vc5"����l%k�d�ٝO�CCt�������kpӝ?l㎸��*Z�E��������R��ObnZ���}�[����
����1�.���N��FuZ���U}���v�/���5��x�m������D\Bz�eJM���x�JN�b�eͺ�1���Y����I���d�~��!�Rqz;�^�>U�V���l[��牅��y�;l�o-����.!D�A�-B>R�:|\e�v!D#�F�<1�2���E�[��Eb�F~�(]8��̇)�j?B4b���
�����p6���1�p~2^?;|7?e�6�~�����6O��5��(���Ҷts$��{�>�o�4��r�"DC��_ۘ��%����V��mE�����P>1��J��C�v�.Pp��P��v�θ�8���q,82���nWrZ���"kТ�B��1�X��J���R���c��ː�ZT�gS��)%L��Ĳ��sA8j�1ZD"j�p:�,m���g�F�_������E_(3���@�b`!�#
  ����OIe�U���E_��V0          �  �  ��� �h �	   �xڭZ}lG������;��E��������r�B�
*�JJݸ.*��uB��n����4Q��PR5���r��M�\�8ľ*��IE�B
I%��"q� J*@$i3�;��3�{����ֻ;3����o�ٙ��м�*��o��R5� V��8 �� ,�W��h%x���|VK�F���CՁ�Y����P��� ���ҊV
 �G�1�V�S�R"��pؖ�T��q�i���& §MP$�y"��r�]�b8W�!��!K����π� ����!ǖ7�|�=��'�#�����ρ|���g�T��(�Z��x��;hG��(�㟮����\'���?����KX��6`�8�(��sω��S��잸����n.�7��e9�F~������d��PY8M��>�\}�й������Ǚ�oNL�d�����~rg���[��r��'�D��K��(F���'�G�,��.p��q9~o�p��}T,���m}Tbjm���M���ྜྷU`�@������=�@濾CD�8�?��J���c��4}�����}�}{�'�;�?�s�ыCF�Ӽ���4n���� ,�X���ȅة���virz���S��6���ӵޮǳna�����#΢ٯ��xj�#2��8���Ox��x�(8z�/X����C��)@��H=�§ò�4jJRZ��Y���v������:\�32��&w��X6��� ��, Ta�U�Rr��I����Y�lv@y jE��Ǩ�O�~s)jE����(b�ZC�f��9�4C����C{���[�|X�Y�캏ƑUn�����=�X���0!����J�X��sΖ��q���0�#�Q	���-��yL��d)̷k?)�yQ�^��IL��09}z�l�;o����̛]�I�H��ݘ��r�z�;͹�L{�����}��zE����<	���|ֵ7�~�dө$�E����?Q�g2��,�X�X���������;R���f����qeM�:�c��k`���=p{�=8��§���Q��zk�����zY`�FY2�a���aɨ��Dޏ�Q�h�ش�@��h��-7,�{r��'�~����2�6Ȓ���o�	�}��_"�G�(���i#�,9( L�����%G�nZ�#�OG�ɏ����G��=��1���c�f[���bDOǈLG*K���=F�q��*X"@{*� �!��cU�y�ݙt���f��Ĉ�J����G�PDK��˯���S��y�<5
^��Qp�)�K̅����/����T�A�&�gR9{o*����\u�蛣�'GE�k,z,�ҩ=����|�(��l.��bME�M-p�eMŊ0����Ϻ1��2���ʋ^L�E���\*G�r^�b*/�L�ZXϙ�0����5;0�+�������o;35���p��T��pȋ���ZS�t+��!��پ`:�o8t�_�ߔ����o͛���U��w.�)y��N�+FuJl�j�ڹS�b�S�����0�)1L�Ri;S�R%�J�i�柞�]jA
�eJ
�LelLIa�Q%��QՒf�ꥰ����L�J��O
�R���a8u�R�|�0|��vq��;_����,=n�"�5p��Jx�bm���+�Ü�-�GD��z&���R��Y����yK�=�ȕ�`3:����6s���`c��6�kc�*3��x�ű��B��6a�p:�0��"�iߗ�x�g���>�ze���W����m���^ً�^�f��� Q�Wf�X�ڢX�\	��(4WS+oŒ
�:�o��dl%6�����VR��ܨ�>��9=�����@R½�I	��%%�k�,}#��R[ͭ7}�^xm24�!�2;K��A����
�®�ǌ�Bo�5������,)d��L�ȒYӿ%�K�u����{���Jv��C`�]dɊ��ߒq�v]~����!0��݀%���i�Y�[@��-9aX®˯���;�V����3�Z K
ӿ%d�`Iaw֢�bտ�Aeu�5��1��h%���c�-�����o�eÒ`^ǔ���x��J������:ӿ%�%���)�G+�0�x3mQ�u�KN��:�����T�u̴E5��A��-!^���{�u���yBI�5go��w	����2��ɞbD�+�D��֏�k�|Z��u��L+�X����ϊ��0���
����y�¸�`-��`�peO|�ŀ8��#;���e���C)�{b�{�	�����o���ʍ%�����z���㐯��W�Mh�U�W��vi��C��z�uj�[��t��g�(C!��m�������W�h��3�z��5�ȸ�x�i����������?��>�����-�9�`!��  ��Zv�?3PQ�DbH3B;          �  �  ��� �h �   �xڭ�}��G��yݽ}n�v�W�4[�[������T�DM�PAJ�Ks����H�v)�a��� V�%)�"��(R���Kt�bB1�����>����y~3�}X4��,��蓀G�lw�� ���b ށ�M�D�.�«v���N��]�G׭kIpt¼��/�6x^�\:b�@74�M^���6����S�K%ߚ�w�#�T��G�/:�v?����*��*�YW�8שCrU�.�F֗���� ����[#�=_�	�Ӿog���03��M;_Qx��
�B{���؄J�wצ���3(m�38�����SW�m\���Ǖ;�W�m�3�*M�ip��cϏ������Wܻ����6��>
��:�����fƷM>1���ۓO�~s����On���%���uzՌ�z=�Fm��^��m���v6���NL�M4�_�m�bDРZ}��J[鏠����MۉY(%��von��%ew3�5~h��?,^�b��J/rf���� h�6�,�w��Γq#V��MQQe�9EgM	�Os�#N����	'���'o;Q�J��چ���^t�i�3;b`���g�����It]�!�7�=�o�%v�����w�ܟ|t��/��=�ǍP��G��(~0��dz¹�v�|���Pj�>�ilz���oਅJ�Xը���[c��p��J����Gq^��PyI�|�/K�y�����=�]	�'Y��zw��*��c�dm��@6���;�F1�����P%�����D`�8i�D��Q�??������f��S��6\�;1��@S�N+'~G[&�.���+6n�ض>P���r�*Un�(�x�ÄB孤r~��A~�۽�";��9�}p�@r����ɍ{��ݱ�M̘x1`LDp�}]񎉳��瞃ߟ�,;�nSE46P�^����xl�՟c�aݠ�G��lo���p����A��W�'���4��ɮ���@�:$��{bguĠFЪdW��ۖh;�Z�q��$p�g[t�GW%{{�b�8��d=���o��P3��k��ouW����-�*ԡ�,�Uh8s�V��iti�:)݂W[1|n�� ��~iďa�M��Z�ǓtdSޓaד#���ԗi�H��:f��5��-ٔ�d��d$�����2��DI�3Q6m_C�������ד�V�V��ꍝ!�;O����8v���No4,3�0�>��Gòo4,��0�>��E�r�h��%��=Ѱ���ʁ���E®4k���~̝��dnR$��v��Γ/�I��K����T?��!�)"_P���'��3==��9���/�,��./��*Oޱ�\���o�3�4��ni2�-͏���0�����Ҹ��'�������8�̈��Z�O3�ߚ��f1��4���E�,Ͻ�˽��k�4ǽȽ�q�d�9��@�E�{��˽X3�O�^ǯ���tY�)�˽S��M�~�S��xO�A1&���=ÌӔ��F��7��>9~���ѽ��F����2���K�$E�H��3�=��x�{)�|�'�D�R��	��� ��v��~�c����s�MI�9���uM���3������猠��3؈���q'g��A��W��_���j׷��j���PYg�z�hd��
*�eZ%{��ٿU����oȦ�'î'���*�eZ%{��ٿU����oȦ�'�'���*�eZ%{��ٿU����oȦ�'3�'��7G��FM�T3��`FFV�%��ӎ��&>��9��M��g��_z�����m��#��zN����ꯇ/��U���X��׬��%T�f�߬Q�q�?�'������eU�|�꟯����R��5��MB�?���ff�&��T������:T�ꭈT���ꟗT��UT���꟯[��Ԩ�[B�?/��D���aտ�U�P���(�U��I�G:WV��?�BZ�?N����]=+S���k㻖h��6&��8����l|;���hF�I*�q��1Q��ߊg��;s{E+�2~�)��xB+�2�����O�˴*����	���x�+���?�/Ӫ��_o����	���q���6W�7�hx���]���q�շ����L�a�7���a90��x���Ĳr`��*7��?�U�yAb^P����ļ�2�;;9�2�*�y����j�-M����1�4��P�� ����,sKbni�tg�V���~̋�̋R̋�̋,s��Yd^d�sq�ȼ�1�p6je�U���[��{��j�S���XoN�~�S:[DJ��2gy�� �)=�yJ����9�V+�jٲ�K:7�{E��.�K��Kz�Z
d^
d^��y���ӫ�㷧.O��_����K�`W/"uߏ|��"LG�@�"�3ب�΂9#�|�`ɧ9���!��^����&?k�c^D~V@>�s����z�=ojTz�K��l`̲���`X�V�Rb���������>ʳ��Wy�ԩ���޾�253�˿��Mپ�7�}�ƫ~���7���#�͠^�7�^b�B��/�q����^Ĝ�P+w5��>~����-�s���̧X֜������3n}n�D��@�s,�nv��3��՜���������ڄ�:{�P#�l7$�-���U�-U҆C�iKȦ�'î'�iK��2�i(D��J�p�1m	ٔ�d���1m�R_�U�#���TI5�-!��̸�Tז*Z�Oh�\������x3�}Kuzn�G/���xM���@5>�c�dhL��O= �n�9����(�k2�[������}b������A����㮝�����=���S%�o��G���A�}�F�&��7��7�	�7��_l����#���QTuن��?�sw�HN;������Uԥ����\�`!�B)  D���a���pX:����          �  �  ��� �h )   �x�͝��e��������F�4H�)��q>�OkJ�˲DE9��a���e�!"�RbE��Xl�������tw�}�����������|���4����('�q�'�)��_����N^�&�r�$G�5*���eBV"��h\ݕ5)Ɖ��wڵh�*���s*ⱛ7[:���������҉L9N���c���Y��Ly�r�0���%d�����O$��#�k�1|\V/�x�������ףu��4���"Y����G�MW_��`l�#��I2�4��6ϓ��+f]p;�b�i��x,�r"��>�	����=&H�w�;Z?m>����ᑜ��ȴh}��/�W$�bʛ�u����H�}�$n���m6�l����7^��wg���?�g���Y�޺ۊ��Ĝ�&>�8l.�>�$�̝���U�>���D;���m�����G�h����D����'�/�=�D��y�g>���d}ԙ�����#��l����^F�>�_�3������8�>#K�.X���U��3�h�����6	��g�t�G�ɋZ�a[������ז�]�(�x���������q��?5*��i��p��Ը�0=�&����F�����]c:���?��^�կ�뱝�_�W8_�GM��
~��E�^��[g��W�������Eɬ���ɿJ��Z�ue��}���߀�/�qlŻ�߽�����_'�����Y5�K�;���ɢz���b����������?�G_!���F]�=�y?��G�k�_ܫk����{-�{u-^��0s˶9��訟��ۿ6K×��`v6�������s�W��|qY_S�׌�j�1_��ר�s�DKs�{��	;�4w��������vo"��[q��3���S�N$[����߄�M�IW�{#������c͖1�Wķm@zb��0�&��������-&`[��:6Ĭ��a�@�y��o��u��H�fC�z^	��d�W	����^ət��(���J�(���q��3��y2�E�r/�mk����R���!f=����Q���������}ҋ������&Y��m�u�L�3�����c�5����12��|�D�ns��Æ��|=L{�o=0�����Bzb��E0�'��E���ɺ�L�g�!f=��"2ӛ�-�笻=���l�Y���4��V�9�nF��l�Y��4���|�$�n���Ć���;L��$�;0�����MDz"b��V0u'�V��M��6�ql�Y�k�Ԋ��jm+Po�u�g�~�1�yY�j�g�����ٺ��H?͆��� Le��^`l��Zw��H6Ĭ�0 #�D�ۦYw��06Ĭ�W�]1�cW�[��[w��P6Ĭ�a�J�z���5�a�m0҃�����4�����n�G��l�YϷ�t������P�����#ݟ1��*�����*`l�_����l�Y��������ck�u��H�fC�z>�y��7��Y��z ݃1��H����H�m���lݭ�������i$�����l�u��HwfC�z��~�����W��uD�#b��&0u$�&@�R�ϵtb��*05!^`l-^����vl�Y�K�T���J ck��u��H�fC�z�S	��K�V��|�n-�n����܃)���Xwk�tS6Ĭ���]1�c��[�6���5B�b���`�Dy�߶غ[=��!f=��g���[ۥ��j#]�1��&�����&�m���ź[:��l�Yϗ����ٷ�_nݭ:�����ςi������Zw��t6Ĭ�`�E�x����a�u�4������iI�c�xݺ[�+�!f=��PR�����C����C�b���0�"�������V��l�Y���Ԟ���m���:�n%�.Ɇ���"L�HI�"0�G�[w+�tq6Ĭ�E`�H�{E��u�`ݭ�E���瀩)�� �V��F�n��.Ć���F\�+Fy�F\!��y�u��H�gC�z�5l7H~�k`l]�Xwˋt^6Ĭ�Ga�����m+�u�u��S�����(I�vc�ͺ[2��l�Y�����${뀶��ݺ[v���!f=_ �:��[ ��7�Xwˆt66Ĭ��aZ@�yӁ���i�-�x6Ĭ�a�N��@���ۺ[�1l�Y��4��x���v�u�(�����w�i ��m+�k�u�n�8!������+����{�u����1�y�Z������o��;��cC�z^��;�ж2�;`��2җ����Srٽ[���]D�"b����&�`l}Zw;��y6Ĭ��Ʀ�b�Ǿ�=ole=d��+��bC�z�%lߒ��/�o;l���g�����Kr�=���߬�}��l�YϷ�t�|�n�V�����>C�36Ĭ�+a�F>sWc{�u�O���1��\�V�Oݹ����v�l�Y�'�4�u'm+��O���鿱!f=�$�7w�m'��}��Gl�Y���4�|���6�3�n�>�����a�����@��tҺ�>���!f=o��d����ϭ��Azb���05"{��������]l�Yϋ�T��r�m�����v ��1�yn���nn��N[wۊ�V6Ĭ��0�&[�h`lO���	�Ml�Y�/Ƥ�b��.�l
��n� �l�Y�O�v�lpO m�8��9�ױ!f=��	����m�W��� ��1��[0�#kܷ�o�ں��H�Ά��|)Lo��ݥ�؞����R��}	hۯ��l�Y����Y����?��/ ��1���ƑE���.Xw���|6Ĭ�=aB�=���`��U�_eC�z����U��m��/ =�1�y�ڑ9n�m��_�?���,6Ĭ�`�Cf��o�����g�!f=/S2�-��t\O�L�z���d����>��LEz*b���^�+Fy�75`�l��IHObC�z�l��$�+`l#�Xw���D6Ĭ�G`��Lt� mK��v��86Ĭ�`:Bƹ��o�ֺ��ǰ!f=_�.2�]���Zw{�g���χi-yƝ|�w��F"=�1��4�擑�4x� ��8���?��42�}����9���!f= �3d�; ۨ��{y�����w�i y��|�5�n�Ȇ���9L]�@�9����IW�D�9��>�G`���{�t_6Ĭ���� �����������l�Y���t���~�'�{r&]=�C6���	�_��Kw���!f=�⦻b�Ǯ �N>�;s���B�
������#gi���Ȟ"�������#�����|+L�|���۞��z��nφ��|L[I{w��mp݆���|�+H�[�M ��-8K̟Cvi�>�moؿߎtS6Ĭ��`z�4��J�>z#\7�,-0��0����|}\��,-0�@����Q�@���p��7D6��q}w�Gߴ�Z��IW��s:��?=���3ط_����Z���.9"��'����SC��+����{�s���۹�3M[ԭ3MR�wg���i����3�Em�.�;�-�?�t(%ݽ@�y���ߌ�͜IW�7 {�l�6 ?�&���L��ݑ�@���������k�^ˆ��|,Ls�Zo,��+q��3���Fv,Y��棏������-j����9� S_��k��"\/�L��w7���"/-eQ�W��{&ҙl�Y��ÔF2��)�I��*�{y�W���;0�'�x0�g�Zw���,6Ĭ�_����a��E�Y[5�n3�������]ؾ 3�w����f�m*�S���s�w�To0�g�[w{�����~6L+�s�t`lc��6��l�ٜ�i:�=|[�nc�Æ��w�az���c�n�mң��9�SW2ʫ��5��Gz8b6_%�T����6��u�!HaC��y'��#C����׶�6�Al�Y�/�Jw�(�]�5ȷM�cݭ?������e���8��ęX׺[���!f=��Ǥ��۟�Yw�tO6Ĭ�0m&=�L`l��[w�t76�l��)�t�&��O�8�Xw{�G���?���0�)���e �����w`z�dx�r��8������E�-b��j0�#m�j�ئ5����l��|o �j��W��f�ݚ ݄1�s0&Mیf�� ݀1���s��b������o{��u�:H�aC���l'u����^liݭ�5�����i?����Rk�nU��ʆ���E�V��ދ��f���V	�Jl�ٜ���ER�	���v���G�~6Ĭ�=`I��z c{��u��H�fC�z�����8����k�n%�.�����L�I	�0�W3��E�(b6�k��)��Ɩ��u�BHbC��\dr�+Fy�j���Y�Ѻ[>��!f=���$��)0���XwKA:�1�g�`���xے����ŝ��%!�Ć��|1L�H��ے.��Ҋ1���`ZL�7	�_�Zw�C:�1���0M"q� `l˻Yws�v���/Q��� ����Xw��f$�'f=O�)��tӁ���a��������)�\s�c[�Ӻ����!f=������c[�˺�E�/�!f�:��tW����$��pgmo�n�>ǆ��wn`;Oιc{�w��� }�1�+0}Hθ��箝u}���B�b��aZGN�/c{��u��HgC��	L/���h`l�Yw;��Q6�l^��hr���?���ߺ�!��!f�N�z�Cns`l������!fs�����"0�����Ez/b��0U${ݼ�ض�޺�n�w�!f=�!G�+Fy��}����mGz;b���@��'��md�m�[��y���d�������6"��1��0�"�e��v�e�w*0�w��
�Ul���T���m��ݖ#��1�y'����n����ή!�ݖ ��1�g�`�D��u���j�m>����9�S2�-����yw�u�yH�cC�z�`*A�
۞'���Fz6b6g����b��.e����{ʺ�L�g�As��0l��L�pv��-j��q&]=߈�a2���G�;�z/���̆���U�6����������'�!f=�#L��	����n�m,�c���?
��X�Q����ӜIW�[#�(y�m�G��^F =�1�10�����?��'9��y}��ɓn`>���{��`6Ĭ�Q0 ��(��FZ�e ���9�Iw�(�}��>iݭ/�}����ۗ���^�o���n���ņ���4��#�ܕ��w�uwΤk^)��J�ݝ�G���{�tg6Ĭ��a�A:��#��!\?ęt�����Cn7��Q�{o�t{6Ĭ�`�Fڻ��e��VH�bC�z^���[��f�nƙtͫr�-M�����7�uCΤk��T�t�+�������ٖ��(�WH]�(0w�����U�{��u���}�����;���{�sP��ԃ�a%�Y�z�ug�0�?�lXB�&9�J:�Q��Ry����v��2�VtZ�X�I^���s�=�;�P+E�莟�{Ҽ����ٜ�޽��τ�|ǖ{�;􍘽�sc���Mㅽ���&>w [���S[f�o�K![���C����L�$ޓS8��u.�E���ʖ��3���)pF���@��sC�M���ܟ"���F�F��P���'�#��o�����)�tI6Ĭ��`*DJF��g�365R��l��|G+���(�]�]�bl���{���X�K�۲YwKE:�1��0}IR#������D� ��4LI��V��"���#��1��r�����������l�Y�gô����-ɺ[
�)l�Y���4��D�c{-ٺ[N�s�!f��h0�'9#C�o�e�-	�$6�l�����|[n�n�#l��|�S��Ɩ�b�-�D6�l�- ��$1R������#φ�ͫX`�I�#e����k�-�6�l^�S���|�ݢ��fC��TLw��H�`lw[w���r�1��7�%Fy�\x\�����?�!f�ؾ!?������v�kl���IrM�ƶ��u�o���1�3�0�'ߪ��o+l��2җ���/��-rY-ƶ��u�KH_bC�z�LK�%��mE�����!f�#0�@��� c[\̺��H͆��+�`C�V��-)n��,�g��9� �@rVu��^�n��>͆����_JYw;��I6Ĭ�%a�FN�����g��8����y}?L%�q��mYi�nǐ>Ɔ��܅)�S.0��e��A�b��9%Fy�B�#���嬻F�0b��O`�@�O�o+o�� ���y�"�>!��m߯�`�� ���yn�=�Z|[E�n���φ�ͫiaZG����^��u���~�1�3�0- �i��V�Ywۍ�n6Ĭ�`�Fv�Q��V?`����aC�z��Q��ۚ��ݶ#��1����?ٮ:c[[պ�V���!f�pGu$[Uc`loT��	�Ml�Y���1٤ ƶ��u��HodC�z~L���`l�kXw[��z6�l���=d�J��f�u��H�eC���Ɏ�k[w[��J6�l^G��d�:���:�ݖ#��1��N����j'0�Mu��-Ez)b6'U`�I�����6׳���l�ټ�L��b5h��-��-@zb���0�#�d`l[Zw{�����~&L��kj80��Yw���\6�lN��4��U}��mkb�m�s��yD���9�0��M���Bzb6��S2K�ƶ��u��H�dC��W�ꑙ�"0�wZXw���6�lN��T��P����li�m�����G`*L��0�]���MAz
b��kI���l�Y�?��4��>ƶ��u�qH�cC�z�6L�q�m`lﵳ�6�1l�ٜ[��m2F� �������F#=�1�g$���V/c��k�n��ņ���O�^&��`l�;Xw��6�l��	d�
����nÐƆ��+VaJ����������'��c��a�n�#�8b��Z0�%��Z��u��6�l�ټ�!L��@Uۇ�Xw�� 6�l^_ SY2@��v��u�~H�cC��,L�I?���N��� ݇1�g�r8J��ؕ}|ۡ���z#ݛ1���]!�����w����l�Y�߇�s�S�|[W�nݑ�Ά�ͻ���>�6c�[7�n]���ͫ�a�D����؎t���	�Nl�ٜ��i)�^�v�Hw�n#�0b6���E�����Xw�t6Ĭ�aK:���؎�ƺ[{�۳!f�+L�I{������ ݆1�y���6�0�c=���D�%b6�^��i���IO�n͐nƆ���L�f��m�����&l�Y�i�����o��5D�!b6'�a��4T�m����C�b6�Qb��.f��ێ���V�:l�YϏ�v��Qǁ���뚜Iלa@�8���棟�m���~�1���0�GTo?_�U9���/D�MRU-�G����+#]�1���0-$�����>���^*!]�1�ש�����u�
HW`C��U$0=C*�ǀ���cݭ�9��c����|\��L��H��Dʨ&���}��R
�Rl��?�&�������{��{��y��*�{Uq�����=�IW�s"[�ܣr?_�E8��yE!�9I� �G��^�Bl�Y��E���s�۩G��^ �l�ټ&�s�����|���Yj`�ُI>����]$�Z�|.\��,50�5$�z������s��t2b6��k$YM~>;��s���@v
ɮF ?���8K��";�dS}��O�ug��y�}I�� ~>ױ����� ����.�]�R�_!ۀ��W���/�[o8�W�Ub��w��N~���mv��K��K�[�u�W�ξ�т���������[g.ds�V��g.�W�oq�GdZE����s�]�9j i�lg.��&H7aC��9"���&�� ���O�[a���l�Yϫ�Ԝ4�T�3���!]�1�W��T�ԋ���\��V��l�ٜ���>R;���\wKG:�1�y,LyIz$���ۭ:����y�9�Qb�ǾI�n=sܭ
�U����4ؾ!U"���3a��!�Ɔ��� L����`;sܭ"���yU.LH��fv�"l��H�gC�� 0m&�#ˀ��Ep�2H�aC��
L�H��lv�"l�RH�bC��;=0�&�"���Ep�{���1����4��
��\��V�bl�ټ4LCI�H��b�3��R�NeC��=�a�E��n���g.�v+�tA6Ĭ�uajO
F�&N3����v7�w�!f��d0�%wG*��3a�݅�]l�����
�H*������l�ټsL�$w$;;s�[2��l�ټsY���(�]OH���\wˎtv6Ĭ�ga�N�G΂�3a�eC:b6�8�t�d��3��⑎gC��'�����΄��������b��aC��+P�v��Ț�����3�ݢ��fC��}`ZC�#�	��G�3a��T�	BtD��5I0e��jj�M뙋�nב�Ά�ͳ�0M%��(v�"l��H_eC��Yk�F���?����v�+l����"L���	�����H��1�yS�:����v�"���/�!f=�
SSrAUag.�v;��96���dGU%�T	`;s��,�g���灩9��$�=s��i�O�!f�'[8*9�����3��N!}�1�?��Qb��.ş
=s��	�O�!f󎫰]"'�	`;s���?aC��O�p�	����\���1��!fsz���c�����v��l��|����a�4�p虋��"}�1�w\�i)9�^�?h=s�� ���y�U�^"Ը��g.�vۇ�>6Ĭ�O�4��SO ۙ��n{��Æ��	\�� {Tv�"l�]H�bC���+�z�]�-�����l�Y�k�Ԗ�P�Aؙ����F�m6Ĭ��a�M�V���Ep��HofC�z^��d�*��\����l�ټ���d�R��g.���Gz=b6ρ�9J��ص���g.�v[��Z6hΚ���Y��ĭ����
�Ul�ټ�3d�:�*��E�n+�^����|L��
���\w[��26�l~^L;�2�
����m	�K��9G�*�D��3��"��1���4�,TS@ؙ���2��dC���c`�B2�H`;s�m����y%+L#�;s����!f�>�0=J樇��X�\w���,6�l����0����
=s��L�g�!f�=r����r�L뙋�nӑ�Ά����a�L��� ��E�nS��ʆ��{��T�LU����Ep��HOfC��}�a�M&�hv�"l�?!�'6�l���:J��؅�?Y�\w��x6�l�)�d������m,�c�����S2V��3��F#=�1�w��i/�6Ď=s��(�G�!f�;0m ����Q�3��F =�1������P/Ď=s��SH?ņ��3�0�@�Rc���Ep�!HaC��u�ƒ!j0;s��`��!f�SHaL���v�"�� ��!f�N�0u'T���g.�v�t?6�l^WS+�OՌ�g=sܭ�}��9�SM�G���z�"l�^H�bC��TLeI/���\w�t6�l~
)L�I���\����nl�YϿCD���w1ݬg.��uF�3b6�M��;�Y}	��\����l�ټ6�/IGu��\w�@:�1���� �P�@ؙ����#ݞ1�w @di�Vƴ������6l�Y�_�i%i�^�iz�"l��H�dC��]�y��T�Ŵ������fl�ٜ��9�L�iz�"l��H7fC��t0"�Ic����n��t����!T����K]��!f��0e���!��p]�3�w�E�!���@ؙ��{��t6�l�i�4RC�3�{��t56�l^% S1RM%��3a�UF�2b6��#�L*+'����Ep�JHWbC��}�$"���*>�p]�3隟���yRA�*�����rH�cC�瀟a:Fʩw���E�^J#]�1����Ȼ��Z�|I\��L����II����.Ιtͻ#��W�Aؙ��{/�tQ6Ĭ���4�U�ۙ��F�0b6�)D�YRX~� �p&]�Ad���W �χ�|�Iל�C�+ɧZx��ɣj��3a��\H�bC��O`�Ar��^��GO�ug�����J�$����#�I�����G"*��D\'r&]�'78J:��d�|��8���B�
�S����p�q�%0� �S�S ۙ���G}@��#�!�Xr��ם}�5�)�u�����u�#�'#�鏨��m�4�g����J������kѪխϞ�WB֣�Y��8.����~u`!�W  �X8ok���ۤ!�s�A�*          �  �  ��� �h %   �x��ZmlSU>�����~���9��:I5��Dk1���H���q�5v��ȿ�Ä�?�E0�c��	N�Bܢ��A~�%�Ad�F���IX(�:��q��+K?N)wyw{�9�9�y�s����ImBf@x{l�\�*����uU 4�*ka!-D8z���%%&���Q__�u��r�oG!�oe���B"�#-Ŕ਌���V&dG����&��☫�c̊fR��W#�z
NQ`��h�KK�7	VK�1jŅs�c�^%?���-k),��b�+�?��7a8A�Pia�2����D��	�L%2F� �+�:z7�_�op�S{S
�n[�Υ-)��3��������6�g��1�5���M1����LH.������������^��O������8c���?�������
�����\r��b{�V=�ٴɳ3���̻�l�������z��"?t��#,�a%U�
�ׂU�n0�p�c�u��*�~���ٖh$��=�k Pk~~�n��u+��h)r:�k��8�7j��=5��6ط�@�c��L���H�~:�5��}�=����q&U\�#�눯��.j�p���̓����	~���c{-�ʲ�,c�N���1�nC2���W�.�J�e�I\�m����8�k�D���NH�QgW��-���B0qtx"oe\����uߟk~�$��l�2�������[���ۺ��L=<8U�(����(m4nQX4���C�V�j�s��x��"\��'�14ުnQ����|��K:�VO�`��)�~�ߚ->	����������6B7[�Eh7CL�8{���ڃa�D0� �,,3n��ˌ�-�Ɍ�~��:��M��pv��x��}��Z��Ok�bR��ةw�c��x(�L?�6�˪�ch��/����|yo�m��������*���;ol�+ol��SG5C���4�Fc�X�F�k���:�Y吵�Y����u��ۃ�]0.��h\�I����ΖTq��h;�n�du�4su�	'?���׽*��=(�W����,~��C�z#��FT��ůa�I�At�:�⌃>o�=C/��JץZ;]����SSiץZ;�u��!Ҙ�SvF#��a������Iy"Uk�B���ⱦ+�9{��/��?ϗ�8��Oϔ.ߪ`L�2�W��|[�{�ܘM#J�{��f���	�.�[��nP:�y��{�A�E`L��=����ddI�~�����ѭ��?��?y:�s��K_��;�w�g��䱁o��N}~�����a����k6�]�z	�$�G୿h�z�	��!Gh���Ӯ/z�wp��
�I�$�d3%4l�$Z/����Q�"�\�\��rˑа]u�f����k��l:�"�aX�G�	۰���6��-w6#��_�%4l#6l�X)�Ik�lF�{а�Zy�W)�i5w6�U�4�&4l�Ul&,��]K�lnZ|Ҍ%�a�i��fJ�l�UrgsK�IsJB�vK��f�L٨r�l��>I��936wd�F��73�O�/�fdl��9w6"��iNh�Ĝ}�~�y��lzF�Ioq��&����*G��d��Xg�ol���M��'�HC�j꺝�^H/�)g����l���B�y��Ġ�s����k�Es��~�'�~�������ӻ�)v O���eK�ǳ��_��b����eX�/�9_���'���6l�B�ˇN����|�t;/���1P�-w6���F\�wC#�(V7����ˣ���?S��ߋ��%%R�?�J��`!��  ^���[GM.����|T           �  �  ��� �h �   �x��Yole�k{�^W�69q�icef���	�uFgTZƱ�ڴ������DC�`bY2��1�L�h�h� ?�bFLD0&|0�d>�{�u���u��y��w�{���=��}ˁ �� T@;�k���*��)� �X�'�cmky���`1t�
�j@�	X�}SSOC>wB�Il�DG��MS�Zk���l�[8�K�J^s��:B�_���֗��V�'|���o�V�>m��z�o�^>��^'ԗ���@悜�\�㼎!x���8Q;���d�v�ρ����Q$#�t5��Ǜ�N�Yl⣵�\�7��Q����SڜI���/_��0�}k�4n��ih;l�fWϸ��Q|��v�q����?�6�t�������O�:6~�g+WҔ������l���}�jR٥��t���Ȳ��ƷmN|����h"�*�T_,�x���`S
R�/@�x߷@+����,��6�]��"���� V"�b�x�B;y���O�j�	M�i��a�8��������5�47��s����\ɟ�O��i�E ������93�*J��+Ș1J͋�,�Ks�~�O9�Ȣ��԰�VFK�Y.��N�-B��l��l�0���?�A�����:[�4�׎� AhlP���Τ|^$%*k��!siY������1W��p��g��ɕNB��$Vh|Pf�o����84���\vj��_�o�T��|!)1$G���~�cLP�A�u����zC�4�/^���PM$qu�k�v�b>kԟF_/���KWj��"�����+"!(rMҩ|"X��Q�Hw�_Qt��.�G�M(τ��غ�E��௹UE�fU:W��	W�	5�L텵ЅwK�	��̸ֿ�{H�UK3�$B���^
k��[����I��Z���=�@��B2%L[����`f>�(�Z��!l��䵒 y�"�K�I�3���X"��S�F��嶻YN���4��J��	G)�FeR�eXe2���M���}�V�}�>�=��{ݎ7��GmW������8��	��v�]�^N8�hX�_m]/�����5�42*�����/z��Rf[:YE��N� �mP=��c�ڀuTb)P��@5 j�6��1�j�
���Du%��;c�TO�GM���4�[껚L�1	C���x�����}�N���|�̼O8#\�Ị��	�YN�ɧ�FH>��㍒,���&�uu���4�j`\��v��"�b���:��Z����߰����rO1�2��S�pC���դ�f>�rv2f��I7�Is�f��|�p5)���rcn�?I�!i.9��W��"/J�EN�:s��>��=�t1��Ѳe��j�A�[����7���%�b7��mc{�Y��3:�Ѱ_Ha�׎�Rx�a=��֎��w2���}=��,�Mx�9��w�0⊸�K���x���K;�	���:1ˬ���E��K;�h�3kie����H��mfV\�>�k��Ɉ�c���|>���Of���:'�_-ix]E-igp��IO��Ȅ\����P�2*2�L�>u�;檫��f"y���5='��G�=�����X>��k�xhL��B�病��)�?�r��ϼ���' ��?��=g`!�	  ��˹�r�Nę2��b�'          �  �  ��� �h j	   �xڽ�{l��gw���ؽǞqhSǘ�AMt�G+�&v@�H0���H�����ኤB�Z\�h�AH�&�E�mh1T�i��&�m�[C!j)C�p�՚?"B��f�ι;���%���ۙ���������ZB!|$����"q�|Q���(B~�:Z�:i�1[���䙉�݋=U__��Q�u��|T
�O�U�?K�ff+�dtg���ɗ�
�����x�%����J�"��Z�T�A} ]G�/4��4r�?I^�t�Wp�; g��ЋPI���Y/!>"��CJ'ŦF*Z��J�T�lӻPs�rGIGpv�]�2����g�E�5T1{����V,__^SS�pݚekG����d�H㓄����4B�$�%�B�А[���q{�����M-�I-��6(���%���Kh[�Q�_)�?h�{|!,F�'��?�9�]#�O/ٚ
w��ۯЯ�Ш(�F�cc,Z�f���/52������#�|������o�j4~���%{�REu�q;?�{Uq�������|&�S�_-g�n�k�5��)�W�ݰPNw��(k�Ch�i�Y��W�pU����6�k��fMj�5�\`u�8���J�.��kgٰ�o6���z���7�u���h��E��P��n����|��Cz�ka��y�W�0��a^G¼�$̛�0o�y�"�ۍ����@�zP��?
�'��2P�(��sA��C��$��O�~P�?*�GϙnW�o�.k�Mׂ|�t������E������;��_`���-5�ʟ�^k���A�L�y��:�h%�A~�bm�k�飃�k�߷�����QP�C�z�p��w�
w�K�-�M5�.��
�=�X`���Y	}/6ݿ�[��g�(ߵk���Z�u�>L[T��:r��l�1P~���W萾T] �[A�	P�o����pG�$��	����M�pW�,���;Q���W�(_��*�z-�m����'iR����nRG�Mj�C��M'A�2��2��J��2��=���#���G"Ɵ�P��+��Ұv\{���{L7��U*�mR`��6�w��)q���&5�J⸎�q��J�A�X��a(Czz�����8��8b�r\�3�q\Y�.m�^�փ{?���_W���������Ҧt��T�NP��ס,�V�}S��GqTd�b"����e$�����^�j������.�|a�=�yĘWp����/x#���ʅ箭���k�������ʢ:4iZ_d�Z����)�H3�$��,�&�9�x�iČ�M�#bQU;��U҈#��Tz�E5�!�;�F\�q��%�E5�!�\e~��ܢ����+VĪ���N��՞Qb�`w��5+b���ל��Uc�#�m.+"pMs�5���U�����5�)�-�]�m.+b�̙!�\��1����eE�)N�~���r�m.+"p9����b���6����́��w�ˊ\����`�ˆ�\V�)�P�y���A����F-����w�8k���W֣�謆�̖�Hd��~���
=��V�}kuu���U�j��=;�u�v��y����V�+���r�~� �%ýzp���y3s����釴Z�W�*݊�q�P�P��w�c靏���R�^ٻ���W��kf��ADq���c�Ͽ���رμ?{���N�Z���+t��z(���=��滳�'�`%i@{o�=�|߅�~g�,գ�>������q�3G.:2w���z�7X����B2�[�����g�����v����ߏ>�y����h׿:�:ݵa���7�xs���u->m���cxe��yyɸ�r�gO������K8�O��w�i�N�Y��=��&������]�����n,��9��4�:sʒ��jb��kKז���"�H+;�������`!�~7��׏�%�B���:> ;��I.Nנ=��*�7)����ns}L-�B~칎�u׹�1���|͞�9��=�Ya\�|�䙏��ZY�L�$8:o�3�Jq*7���I1*[��0��d���֏�^�{�{Q�t]ͻ�^�S�3���}��|��/�|�рU#pՀqN��L�e����3h4	X=47�gky��čS$��3���6�3��8qB�ej9�rQt�����L��]4�>#B��6Z,���P˻D����cƙ�tG��iĸNO7��f�wYq�ճ[F=�G�0�X�K��	�fyW͋���o~���?@��	#���e�[k���ޥrI�+�޼a��5�5�3�������#�o�Ă����Y�`!�.  jQ:2��p����7�Q��          �  �  ��� �h u.   �x�������?����d&3�,�(�� M@z�&,E�R��"EAz)R�#\���7�E���e}�^�{��Y���{�;s6�sNʓd2Q>������󩾱>����M�%���?�/���_��>�y���,R"�%q_IyE��ժR�Z�/�o�/�{���/���5�����H)�/��0���߂�+��R����+Q�EŤG���?�|�b{O����6=�O�O��'�y����JT�}����ߍ��o�ݞ�$��Ϯ��/%�����+O��2���Ӕ�|�&s�'���|��,���Q��D���%"K��{ѯ��^�J��=�բfE�����)���+�΍�k�0��x`��7|Ü�U"���&Y�!��Jꪢ|��h7!(����8�����������������_����s��f��g�����ʎ�?��w�5�.����ų���?��,K�?�����׍���b^����JNK�v[zt��[:�mi���?��i�}�o�~��%H����|%}��u��K�q���ϟ�F�vM��1������aV�P8Mj_�1�7�����l��E)�__���2bJ���#�����~�y������kG\���W�?�:���3����ȅM�Le��\��/cM�����o�j�χ�m}�#�|{ֹ|�כ��Θ���,����x�{���1ey��8�ķ���v�\��E����,�E��+�/.�M�ǄhB��PG��C%�c~SZԆ�"m�V��Тj�#��o��[� �x��J�ͺs��4ڑ�����������IF�d*�b,�[��GA��R���0��y��l϶���^2v���cy��h��=�����%QK��m%���J��C�HNL���͝3W�s���}�������l�Yʗ�_JiOՖ�~;g�<9旑�#���iCjKs�˙;wηs�H0G�]�{��xd�'g�B9ߖj�#�#����H3��ϕ3��9I��Z�#���{�4iӷs�*���T�N3i���#�eD�4�\��T��9���#��]�*����Օ�1[br��8ju���'[ʛ_do���{���{{�֟�,�H������Ҕ�T	K]C����x=�����\|���^���j�f��#BW�Ւ*���J:-VI�9�G���K�m�
�ESdC�,�	C�VI�eQ���.�Ɉ�Y�)iqQ͛��W��\J^i�{(�B-'2QMek��f͕^���1���tۦb�)��ṕ���R��W�H�Mm��B�M]�k�]�)q���D�m�`a��FXc�)�YW�k����ģ௨�S��NJ,�$c�QQo����D�c�z�؂��+:V9O�(��5�Pp���x��j�*'�h�����c�Қ�(�=�^`o�5���ɗ�LQvJk����X��F| �����7�r�P����5|+
�E��[	��a�"ݦԢ���i�}�ك�UP�MO��JmzB����&�T���@�!���@�a�3�3zKGUQU�RZS3b��E�Px�Rj�J}^{�2Jv�q�
F���6YXSZ�	I.�X��UVFIo�[�` ����U��~)�X/�,��㏕DҚ)(��^�xZx�,P��Y��[��n�q3�������]� k�:w�w�a���~���{��V�Kk��[�_�
k�a;|\���W:��JKi�Yl��_"N�[����2RZc����MO���|J�4�&�/�Xi�sa�Y"�!��Ɉ���j���W/���I�ސք�8ENO�$�U�J}D2A�V�(�I�(�F�UXcނ$�z�dQ�Ikһ�w�
k���.wI�7RL�.���(*#��Gq	�6ɉ�)��iEU�^������A|CXSA��EU��U���jJA�Pu������^Y�B��5��H��[#v�4R3���L��ښ�T[HkjA�UwV��c1M�����MԾ4^�*�iEIo�����R�oZA1U�I�F]D{�+� �]ԩҚ�P�Dգ
k���hu>�~�8ZZ��8T=q����:��R���jG:Tm'�E)T�%bO�sؒ�je:Z� �ENT����f�Z��R���jq:]�/���j�!V�,R�AQ��W+�UjIi��CE��#a��:=�۝-���P�^��:t�ڊ~������f-�P�Q��o�zt7��$ߣ�d5[�(n�MBl �َ^:�֥�Ԫ�G����$Ws��C�iΨe�^��1��5�Ci�(
�ٝ'�1��5H�e�y�[���~������9��k��'�$���"?n@SU���5\!%!)G_`�D~{��ڨ:94k��}��QN�ib�\Z�B�Ug$^��a�!��N4	�FS�sv�G9gkғvԂ&�@���dPC��	klA
2�f h~�VZ��e���#a�-�%9�]Z�ܔ�d��"����LXS�\�y�CZ�-C�X5�d5%����!��Ԅ��V"I�Ē>{]�Wv��IS�Y}���!�Ob�5�\M'��*kQX]H���=���!
�F,-��G�4&IXkR��$�5-�H�B�x�|D��D��.$���#IQh4b^aM7���'��������5]�T�ܟ��3���#��p��M$oIk�@���D,/��D2�a$CJ�Y�mi�((��׈U�53I~6��f3H%�Ə�f2Ph�'��(�G*��[� mc�PڊXIX��f+Iy����(��f��ً�XX�=���������Қ�P�C�c�4�I5�����=�I��Ws���f/�fz�0y�M�m�(����
IAv��c�0nNb+(�kBa�����a�1�������I&�9��>G|KXcl�S��o���&��\�_Xs�a1�}H����h����'8}A�QB��h*\l_�:���Q/G���m�ibz���:���~�$��(��E�����>?�SvO��L�қ4+�K��Қ���s�Q:"�INwB��O��t�|��j�a*�i��&���q4;�?Ӗ�:�D+bj/��N�b�%-Okт�=�\�f��9c�s�ie�.�Ik��JќҚ�ֲsMLń5�hZ��hZ�&��T�ξʾ��-aM%��~@S����j:"F�_פ?Aq�4�OI���ƾ�64�Skl�-iMciO��ӾޛCX��[҉�Ebk,}ﵫ�I���4IѾT�^�^�6�:wI��� 쥆�dt,��#��}C\�w?.x�3U�(H&�$�*�k��'0������3���bz�L�Z.�k�څЬA�#|��Tz�ؒUt5������F�͡؊�IXcl�fO��vҚ%��ıʹ��:�)�MKk���Q���C A����a�XZ��:g"��K�.![�R�������f���a�|�B���-�%�q�s�6�^���6�1�^a�-�%g�w�>�"�9C��RO=i�Bp��t�JIk�P�Z�9G�w����Ѭ}@[Ik 
��k�6������zR���皨�:u�Ҋk��4���Ĭ1U��'Ob����Ҏ�$f��hHClM�>��5Q�/��f�Q֤eCi��I�9�����$A��v��I������E�����w�����&�AaMF���e{i1���d��k���	aMq���`�hAv��g���ϜO��B,*|n�]�K���dyX&�s��5��VXcJ���"k�0�O���%1�����,���j�rҚ�(�cꈩ���6��Z��X��5b�ҚP�b�ż\�m��#��ua�Y;ƥ5-\�'��5�����{��e~��̹��9s��	fw,�:���7��>c�5=Q ־��Iӏ�a#X6�eDL"]��ƈ��5CYJ6��e��K:�=�����,A�(���hH�`�,B��j&1�ޒ5�4ӰV��Z��y	�N�v5�=�S�e0^����'�:���ݞ4K�NmD�`�l{*=nV��yT}�kl�-9���-쪴f��9��邟�fס�Cw��N��d5;�s��5�,�Le��w8�-�e&W�!HĜgR�_��{��cg�;�+*��{�>�z���+�\g���XZs��
�����0ُw!�y���C�_�O�ݥ5O�g�`J�Qӝ1>�Y| 4��5���lM:�1X���X��RA$�����#N֤�$�GA2���?���=4�^����d�#Xr>����X^>SZ��;����5��t��/`��*V�/��d�b.
U@�%�)
Av���߱r|��&+Q�&�aMI���; ��*�Қ��ُ7��)�װ
���;YuȤsM(��ϔ��1��uM����߳f��⋥5�]M���5��X{����w��z!�ִ�GYS~���X���=�#
�����a���mә��tp5�_k�c�#D��o�3~OZ��s(4ٓ��͆�'l�φ�KҚAP@�9��5���l�˾@O������js�hT�ZF��l
�h� ��ȝ��Ո���x�w&c�ᜯ�1����S��I�ɖ� _���\�m��]�)�5��W�h|O·q�t۬��~4�AL��5۹�vI�7�,|?O/����P�Ӟ4�yZ(��<9��CҚ���*�JS�w�e^\Zc�PL��s�#����c�?��9�6�ɯ����uMW�j>_5a�/� 4��o�2ɋIk�*���y�KH���jM�m���$�������/��O�Ւ�Dkκ�֓FӪrCkj�x�VYZ�w5Y�	k�Ъ� �%�֊��5��$��}{$#~,�ZHRh�yF�#ϥ5�֤ќ'��@.�ɣ�����zJk�@g?�֓&���A��օ�>���s55�k�imy�3/���ՠ��5������5��~��6�����u�!Қ�P���TaM-m0��M���ɼ�6TZS�!��-�9����}�k�]j_��TiM}(�B�Ó�Cm"o�-���is���b�W�.��{h
#�
k�k3xgmﭭ�õ�Қ�MҜ�@1��+�K��Ѷ���:i�@(V@1q��f���Ӷ��>M� ���uP,Ҝ�R��V�o�8H�k����&i�(��b�'�Lfk?�%�>�P�(�kj�Ӕ7!�(����R��7b�,�h��5]�.�y޾�f#����r�Z;�wh�sM(�Cqȓ�[��U;��N�m�Ni�?\�O��?�i�coю���y~QV��v��x]XsX;��k��I�*?� ��P�sMě3ؒK�u~M;.�kBq��55'���$�������������݋�v�����>�"�%z�4��\Sw�S>�V;�_i9�O��^�\��H�{Y�m��~q��&Fw�o�A}��F�b��k�ι?1����)���[�*�L_(�k��|�s^T�U}>4kxF}ϡ/�֤�b���GJk��NSq�����)/�6��O�u�|�(��\S��ݕԇ�����>�W�{�皮&Nw�9�iއ�D�����.��V�b �s�A��` �%��鼉��������I�H��aw��i���5��i�	�{9c�V����&=�>}� �����saM�ޟ�ø�w�=�ҚnPԅb"b_a�-�%��|�.r ��\���f�ހ��[��z#>Z�.�k��E�sm\0�ԫ�]Cӌ�ה�5u��U�]�5��|�ބ����7zKi��f�'���dDK ��5u�j�.O=�B��W���&���7+�x��5u�L�`�	�VH~��٦W��5�(i皈M�5[����q�߭���5�����]z9~mrQ/��y�5t������5��|��^���C�����P��BOt��?��W���n��t��?��W�2�Q(��\���&��Q����W�5wu�N)?*�U����J�ǘ�"{�����_g�qiMf|����ca��?��ef�f)!��51��g`���+Kￏx^Z�j������k�/�$�;,��%��(�I�w�/��	kr��2��xv?���kx&�sdyO������_�!ɏ6���q5�_
��b����+����oJk��㦁���~%��Ye�V[�����jʹ���x����z���k��M�Z��
�����5��p,o◿3��;n�#FkC�����u��f~g�9�Ӹi��:a���?`������w5�"����,��uG��?��t�;��ND�k�a�1n��9�m$�kbƷPh�G�s6�����¾JVc��ZhW ���{�Q����1$��jVy�̂`$_A�8�_�=���|
E0���f6�Q��I�F�%�k��;3w��� Ӭ��2�|�?ߚ ���qȾ�1��=��D|�?5�������Z�8��k"��E�l���{�o�c���&f���^�=�6��/������Қ1�+(tǓ懌��/�oa[s�dY�	��"
=�;w�~����u���o��BVs��DP���>�qt�3�
Oq(���_�sMO��x�^��3�G�&Q�9W!�a��왝�^23��p>�:�嬀��h ���'��SZ�ɿ�x���d��!��%�����/{�4�[,U�{=�9p[Z�*��5�y�d� $y"��&S���TyO��7��K��X����&O�9S-���S�����Ċ��&q5�ּ8�J@R!p��	��eN��\a�1���0���kV8�Xo�h	kb��	�y�@�����5����5=i�=Z��S�!�g0�\� �$.h����	P�jp������[�3��$���p��	5a�I =��g�C0��@J>2��O�!�p�/,8�\��H�v�̧r���a��X�I39�����Ko�ف�Қ�fc�yҁ�fz����롒�,8��O���o!نQ�2�DZ����o�K��Ԗ@:��gK@�ӣ\�)���f �7����c��Қ���!�2����O��w��N�y����(�Q�i�U��s��'\ͣ����i���Nc;�m��	�g���
Q��U~�(~��� ms���Ф�<p�I2��F1��S����D��p#�����|�&�'M���[F~��x������dF,-�Ii��~##Ol�oB%}]����yz�$�a��,���N�P��r�/������)b��Y�D�������5���o��%�c����&���fxy�@����d�z���NZS�p���y�3��*Ff^��r�֔1����/LC�5��id輖�B:���j�!����x�jo`$��=���su��'MS��f7퍤��A�5�ܶ��\X���kv��|��pΔ�@
k:b��F1�Ӑ��1�Qh"�5�_�@��H#�3����7�'T�4�\�l�x�F�W���/��G7�d�	��v�l�_�~Zax��l�q��3�e�6�8"���^ڀxIX3�8��
�[j��̇b
mG� �Z�G��8�6'�c��f9ߣЏ�?	k���?��l�q�}gl��|�jN!��l7���!�og@c��
��xBX��s�8��[����~�yV��yB��uMc=� �-c>;e|!]���t�i8O'��h�B�3$ό��!��[��U�e�WY�		�A/�����B�&:8��4�2����i�+�yfz*O�@pK�ł���t4��Γh��7�s��:�8�'Mr����oX���*YMJ(�����i�F�.d���X��(i�[P�A�r�3�5�����;e��Yޠ�Ӕs����C�5���Y�`oV"8�U~,�)t����'M�`7V)8��ve�m�5e�(�B���|nڦn�3k�ƪ+Ik*����M�5��Y�`-� ؐ��HVS��(�Փ�~�:kl�:+����Қ���?baM�`)�"X���^�
Қ6P�sMO����w��c�G��|�	E.�XMXcl��`I6(�OZ��(�bY���LC�$��{�ع&b!a�g�llF07��	AC>ׄ�6�^��BXcl���:#�P��4���+ۀ%��2x�~|EW�ӥ�[Қ�A��#���0[�����t]�����!�{�D|.�Y�N7@�=�}��[Ws�'�S���|L�_�C�;ҚmPC՗=iv�ch����`���!���� ��3�b���MO��֜��@Q����o��)���7�+�UҚ�PL���ol�\�����/�����i�������FX�08�>.�Q����tiͯ�(�NrzLL�88���Bj�&Ҙ�Hi��BWT�F��1��+4�&�Z�����l���g�|���ﷷ���Sam ԃ&��B�h�PGi���Pu�A�[`K���"���݃�Pu���M�b[`K
�:Ь��Қ7]MYO=U(G3���W�C}�5�B�w�W�)�N����
���T�����樺^��Vx��&}L����C]h�PkiMW�!�`aMm�CR#��t.�:��v�3�5M0��b��M�mB��5��ᨺ+�aM�Ч�qhm��v}.�i�F��!������BSi��:�/�BZ�6�|w���4�!����t��2��s��q�+�5ð��I���ѡ/�5}ݽ�LO���-��C����i�p�PU/�t�3"4�N-��B��P]i�XW��da�Ƈ�әX���>��Lw���g�+|K�f�u��H�xa���I�5��U����YtMl������'�5ߡ=���fC� ��'�Y��'Cα��f[h;�.t����?�v��xa!���I�#����Ck�Y.�ه�ع(�&á�Rz�����O��H�xa���".֜��2��wC�����\/t��FN�Dž�W�S/q$z�8��=�B;��3a�/�`�F�hs(}�c�\�Մ��/�afo�(4��̙�4�{�%^��s{�s�̹4�9�f0��)M�� �4�(�ݜF�iFs��&��d�EL�\��&�9��3��BfO����y�ՔD�+�ݙݠ�i���diMV(޳sMO�l��ͩ��Y��6���P�B�U�
k��h)�ZɬUYiMa(��Ꚉu�5E͊��Y�V7Ғf>iMqWS�������T�V0K�Zf^������k�IS�,L�Eh3�hiͻP\��b@XS��A�Ҧ�]RͼAd5U�8
MK�߈���y�ؒ8�"�e���Ԁb3mo
kj�g �@>2 �̝Қ�P̀�#�aM=sWD��\H��5������5�yP,$��-���QZ��9P��iAs+�a.#��EҚP4���ZaMKs	$_�>f��l/���FPA�!�io�"�̏� h��Jk⡨�p���f3Hړ!fk��l$���j>G�'�j6!]���ٍ�4;Jkz���4��NPt#c!`6��أ����.aM���f�hV ��rҚ���\��!�Ym�%;̊�����'����WUI��
�����P�ګ:f��n�AP�bbm����]2�,"�	E.(����f�d�Y�L3�Jk&��5�z�+� �l'_�u�J���f6�@�œf��r�>Ft-�F����P�A�+�Yj�'�X�ʑu	0nV���v!���:H�b$�� ۟Mv~��xa�A��-fU����`/��P\C�"�9f6D��''��8� {�CP4���Xa�쯎�m�Ys�g�֜�3`(�{Ҝ����)y��8���\s5����<1[��f���@�XH��AZ��4P$�f���)�u�V���
QfiM��h�!~$�I�je#A�)Ic��,gߝ��rԞڪOBVs���L2[��5I�hE~O�TV���JrX��[���/��)��XX���jK�ZsHQ�iMf(&BQq��&�5���b�"R,��E/(jx��f���\R��@iM1(���GkJZ�Ik�g�$��xiͻP���.!�?�d�#�����՛Է�ȟ]���}��.YI֩�V�Ъ.�i E9(zZ���3(V%����t��vֻҚ8W3�����U���j�x��	�S��� �ٞ4]�8�=5{��	�g��r���#v֌����s�Vd��@Z3�r2�%�m�5��d.�S���dJ��I�f9bWa�"�z�����R�#i�4(RA�ړf:F�RHV��b��IZ3���k"��̵ґo��d���,����P�P}��3	k�X)�&+�j1h��f��ٍ�DX�����
�m�*�Y�h�yҬ��d� ?XG���UV����A���[�Қ�P,��8�.a�-8dmV�Z+�m�2i�wP����Fa�-8j�R�f�{�)Қ]Pt���|a�nk*$��sVOu��]Z���\E�&�9guS�[����X��5JZs�.P���9l��b�z����JVc��P�G.�9a����z�*���JJk~�"�"V֜�����r�H.Y��5��
�SĲ�V>HJ��YE�VNi�W�
���汕W�f��������Hkn�%�Es��D��F��܃&�����z*:\P��譤Қ_�ل���$��Ɖ�>+R/���t5I��Y�w�R��J��I���E%.�Ky]��y�:E�\s�V_Z�jҰ�&��᠚
S��CŮ-G��R&� �}���T��ʅ/ ^T�C�>��E������~��� ��M�W�v�J��6�Z�,^?��O��)�F�tdI�R��a^1���A�t�0���R(|Y)>�A9{�K��̘g&L�{��%V��p�j�c"-�$���>(|��iC��Tzb���+�³�/�s�%��L��C=�P��܋���7+-�"����>h���=�i�2}�ixU�֡����W��'�)S��	���_C�2?�DY���̪�ĈnIx��,��y�;m�k[0
���Wֆ?�,Ɇ�p�s�����g���(eZx꘦�
OWf�gF�~~���deL�a�	�=u
oU��7*]"?�-������譲(\
�3�5��8Үܷ/��wV�[*46N	�6PR��Q��~������Fj(����T΅{Ej:	�VN��)�o��{�ʃp7�Q�MD�s���k��r?�������6J0�#%Ql��0�L	�6El���m'�m��8�����K�1W�JnL�bk��
J��[��D�Z���%΁���V�[W�^%��������{�FX��hɦʵp3���*����n����X��r�A,ׁp'�^Ά�-��+���e��X���+�b�)���_7>R(�b.(��G���]��2}��O��O�D��E��h�	%}V����:���-M�횶��2ݏ�y����rD%��h���h��쉱g����-喈����E\��!_��>,*::]���ĵ�s����RA�eb}��T��DZ��q�]濤�y����X`!��  �U�[�e�� ����$          �  �  ��� �h �   �xڵZ_l���s�w����ϐD�W��Vj�����C$�"�` qR*!�@SSK6�ĉ}Hj)�����5w�9���Pӈ�"����P��x����
5@qgfgvg�nٵ7�����|���f~;��w���� : �����`�������X 7�m�H����֒��q�
/l߹���y��u��;@#iK �;
����8)i�R*� 	�Hė �^E��cM�k9����
��*I��HϛH~ �^����X"�A\/�(��+�#��*��a$�[�(�:��uԚ����B�1�"�����~fٴ9�����1;��W��L]cܾ�7?���$��9}P~,�^M���\1_.N�:�|��������#���WG��Pb5ǂeW�z#U� �A��������_I??8�{��[�U��V�q���9�=�Yc�J��B�91�~��5X�^ ��#/*�����gS�>�NnY��{x��~=�z��uz��v��
;`e:�	+Q߮'��s�[�Eغ�d�,�tV�KI�F�q���`�9��}�sΙ3z���̇�w틁���C�Ã?=�F��F�ю�Y3�j������j��_M��� �}\�xp�i�3&w�'h����=���j;ذ����}���ރ����ܷ�?A/rpJ?�TK�������%]#���VdQ�Ψ�L���I�{B?Kz��K�H>O�A@s�Ix}��Mm�x[�ZޘmzgEm
��B��1���L&���(��#�Z����(��BcdE��������"��$fb##b�c#Q�8����3��7o1^JH�D=�mk�$�vc��o$%Fa��?U�1@�����Q�?|�2y���~����#��wD������أ�����NUJ�e�����Ui:��P��!3�fY�?N�S��Q�a���վub�j����V[v�j�r��0ڲ���N�t��آ��j-	{騵ī�5��� �f�3F%��^��Xi�4���%gÃWI�����~�Ĳqi5�ӻ'C�'����S}/VGuj��.��������=9nyR��k?��b��V�"bٸ/Ot��ݓ)˓����S}/Vgb��՘X6��cz����R�_����K	j�fB,�剁1�{r���v�ɪ{d5#��r�[s�����%x4�����)ѕ�~��L]�7Jd�VVgGd>���Վ7#�[���8�˱�nqvD��l.�j�������V�-Ύ�|��m��YwF�b�v%B�����+�v尼R��
���yō��"0�a���+cm��cyE`����X^��nb�WØ9C�0ۧ*���D�Sb9����޿7;_�ӐZ^�(�U��,ӯ��Ʃ�:s��n���i��Ʃ�
�r��q���(��j��S3c�W����_�n/]����B���n�g,���3���p�����}8\t�pQ�0��j�q��:Ϥ��.
��X��ph�{s2�:���|��o�u�/W�8�v2]��3u
�^��6��B��5*1�1���u�8c��p�J��Y^X��+������Q��G���.�9�E@4��G]Op%����:��tc�/ȳ��:�G%
C-���x�������3{Tbi�kyu�������54?Y7\wk��$K����.k����ӻ'C�'��[ߋU������f�_��0�{r���_�o�{�Js}C���]֬����wO�,O������4�74���e͚��az��剿����b����F���Y��#L�ܴ��]C���������9�����h��g�����n�xt���G���黕_(�gw�wO�V�v�y����;'�\��堭���)�O=W�^zob'�8}�7��`9��_���d���Xy���!p�v��熫Kg���â�i���cٌ�τ��]�T�}D���xM+1��p
�'��;�Hn��N��駦���q��O���t���K�Pgki��FB�cjKy��	_�S��w��ҿgv]��J�!oa �`La��������,�q�Ԙ�z�����s��5r�s��u����N�$��_>���˦�2Ծ��~���Ѓ�������`!��  ��뢞
��/Ԉ;��r�          �  �  ��� �h V   �xڽW]h[e~�sN�&M׬&ݤ
g]m3�.�WC�2�g����xaϺP�k�3
��.vQ�F��j��3&�;D�]�J�]
-�����B}��|';=�5M��������}ޟ��0x�U��(���h�ݍ�X��z������b�B�=�g���Ї��$�A�X�0�����rY���h�(�]�(S�V��	�Q�`��$Q�b���r�|/�qGq	>���j�2k�5��e��X��s,�R�k�������
��F����D�+=�	��@�n�5bvH�[��������HUa�������v���ݩ���5�$���tDԍ#M����;��m���s�՞Ngd9�>m��؝d�;��F�zEl�fE��J9;�)걘>��1r�V���Cl�D�� �þ/__O9=:r8�����Qԇ#�HI�FR�aDD�e���������{�����-�n타�����,��D��o����O�`e��f�GؽF�jZ���K�]�^����6�ј�#��hx%�U��~��A'�f�H)�21S՟��O�K!�L�I?�bT��q$0N��zL�ۋ�>V��̚��n��#:*�^��*���_�OԎ}�6�������ʥ�M_y��^K]9;��~e��2�k�Vd��~�����ej�?��囹
�wA���ŌQ��g�)z�Dq����>)�� gG��Z�r�tCu���䦪���k�W���:�"����[����ʟ�3��n�N���{�0$�F1%�vt�gJ�7��'Q���m�;�=�H$%��1�jNqT��xy��ym5��Bθ*_��j��b���ҍR)S.�����B�u��E=-{�¢(εi˸�][�B��N��^�U:o���|����~8�������n��t��}��ʈ:Dg��6�i�o����껟��D�i|��Dh>׶����״��m�h���F(�bw��=A���j�ֹ9Gu�jN��w����]|7�|�u4�ڿ��w}nz& |jy�)J�Z*gf,��='7�'ڟ�����`!�i  5�;;e��uf]\����          �  �  ��� �h 7   �x��]l�u޻����ۻ)Z�����TQ���έ7f$ӱ�&a�(XȲ�i(��dHpZ.j5*qQ'n��l��%���'	� >#�"�H�i��n).ȃ���L���-)Q:�v��#����{�}�=޾�of4A���A��a��B�
��yxBL��e�0o��$wE�ݑ?���#��Fh{���T�?j����W�Rx}H��i�j��J��6Ex�)�]%	��#��z�������96>˹��rA�}>��땰�Y�h(�*�"���g����z��V�%\weh�����_ �-� �p���+��!!��~��F*�8j�9v�a�\��;l�HO�ϕ�)������X���y���α������~��ۿ�w?+�l��M2�*�*�˥�^���_�}0�:��+_���B��k�Q�+?��W(�ؽ�g�Sۺ����Gv|}K�Uqr=$������~�"�����sde�_��*���*���υ�Ϗ�P�#�c��"���-_�ׯ���C�^qB�\TD����ʄ�-�Kw\�\n�ҹ3�޹}�'�1f���J.��T�������?o�>�?_#�j1��0t-�V�����?�b���еYn\�Q�1cBTul��E`���a#�Zi`0�UdB�4���a���fN���`x":!3��k���X�p�0����	�1l��E`X���u���Vp���7���w�Z�E0�ק~^����N�e��i9,�;J��Rh�Oq*Q���t׊	��+0����	qUipK_���w%��.W����,��Z�E��'�c�m��[��j�JyH��1�v�u��j;������d皪dUC#|%���*�3�옂�#��H���w��T�i�������H�4l��4�݀��b��0F�+�����	��,/GF�q�幣����>�`���H/��,_61XN�w�,Z#Rw�ew��(`{��`�DɈ�[{g��.�������.�,��o�Uz��7GY��FY-������We��w��$4�SrG�?{C�����%gv���������Xf�\w�xm1�-��Y,���.�/�ƾ^���P˕����[��l�z-r��?�cwR˟���s
~��b����-���.)��G�k9�������Z��L���S��kQ�K:K�#~��}�����Y�%] ��Z>O�F�i�������6��>@�z�`?D�#~����b?��!�%���Z�~#��O�#~�h��[�nï׎�?�=F��w.�o���ctI���{-?c�����.7�o�6�z���M&~�7��b�h����}��%m6�#����7�N����㛋��cy�kb~������G|u�X�b.������uI�b��Z�3�7�N˟��G|]�^��,�^[�/Y��d����b�����%]��#��?�߈;-������b����7�﵅����_Y��0��brV�n���G�k��\�ɥc+�v�;rq�{,TĘ�Gy��zD��̖A��b����D�E����Q7ϿX.���(���d�� ���y�p+�G�����x���]�x_�iTon����nH�i�\���BK]�n�H�ĖW��D�O�T�:H�]!�3��>y��Gaͣ6j��;����Gu����]!M+����Y���}���#x�R�1���GO|�^'��7X��rĖ��y����Q}UM������r���G&�}m��y�Ym2����}���G�c�ytв�vU�p��F]��-�y�:�'�~i��#x�C�bͣ%��/+��(��#�b��2W5�d�z��]��#�J�3�����%�H����O)�FCf��>2�m��|�mDrB�-�*�F$YRZ�}�Ɉ�;��5ŝ�]����f���P� 3�e�,٤Uym�2������F[�B��Y�󷃲�l��
Y�0Z�+��;;(�&��'\���H�2n`�t�oeYf�*��i�,�E[��Ml�����,���^D!K�V�;��ҝ���(`�W��t��U���^�[L5Tֱ�`�p����.T%~k��j�ب������VӤ��bB寲f>*kV�WY��qVaUC�ꐒPo/5t�ꪡ5uɚ� �4i�p㯆f>jhV��6eV�2��$�b��{UW��4��Zf>�eVy���7���V�hB�V����*�
�WuU���nt�U���G�*O|�֥ͪ�	�(�Z����p���_�$T�>�^����/@���	��v�U�h�Y%e��>V�/��E*�ƷWu5>�����m3��k|Y��ƗU��x�jqi���P�������A���{����
-.���⡙A�k���@IB��ٛ���PY�6^�\�5���G3�*�kf7f����*���@��2_d�Av��*����)����m=@���jk���� g�)C�� 6�R�����&
�2�0���F�Tlm+E���jk���l�V�0�Tlm+E�����ll�V��B�G���7Q]m��-3�Tm���E�Tlm+E����jSXN6m����Tlm+E�����j�l�Vy�dJ}a6�V8״uoٺ�}NH	��ݾY����[6aշ����;���)�y�3�sagu��#�O��W۰�8Im�4L>#�ֺl�G�	��&�ZWRR���U�i�[��$kS�cSI�0�tل��e>J�MX���f�a�]�j�[��v��׹l�G�	��&�:WRk�����4���h��v7`�rل��e>*�MXU��Va�>���}���nl�5.��Ѹl�G�	�ƕ�.G�	v_P�ܾ`u�zC�h��Ä��d>��M�hJ6aՔ��Xt�`��5��C��D{��W�l�GQ�	E	��k�G�a�_��	��&|4��,V�(&ؚ���5�Te5�f�\�5���llªٔ�v��ڭ�l>�#`�l��b�����A?�W���Nj�;�Q��'߫a�6sЃ�հ�jNj�;��t����z5�9����(�xv:�fz-��ܼI-�CG`�M�C���z�W��AbR�� �g�٫a�7sP��jس�&����t�͜v��հg�Lj����`��3�S��]9MjAg� C��uR���7���Io]��fԏ��Q'/��7���6��?�z�����$(�� g)�� �U�CJ������[�^`\i��f����%(�} g)�} �Ug�6i��:�Q��LuɆ�� Y�l�u��3%(�] g)�] �U��m��b�WG��_�%S6Ȣn��_�JP>�U���r���2AYu�qZa�Pl]�(uu��d]mM�,jl�u�壋%(� g)� �Uo��#-[o;J]��{�T�,*3[(�-A��m	�g��Y�g��e����X��b�xG���5&kj��Ѧ/A��x	�g��Y�g�G�e�X���B������F�����F�2A�h�	�g��Y�g�G�eX�Yt���>�;������P_Y]/xc{�����%����.��|�����?���J���K�O�;����#?��G�O�Kާo�⺿��,)q��3ۣ{��j�����3�Cy��mױ�t���z�`,ӀCw���A��xc4�r]�q�J:�r{����h����+����?ߣ{k���U`����ˑ���ܣ{k���,3�:��ۧ�E�:v�f���k�i�r�ah�}�A+�c��{to�^0���C����)��k�+��Ua}�h�V�!{2��{��!�4v�3:��3:m5��Y��Y5�NcH����f�[W�X����i�f�5Ќ�G��|��etV��Ӱ�z]�lxk�E;��k���V������謚b��FgtlM������v7`�)ft>�bF�&.��j�F�1�޷h6�5q�����k����������]�q92���j6�>V�h��3:�.����2:�5q�UK�4Ƣ3�}�f��k�$kD{����2:--��YUe�5���>w�����o;���i�6��WF�yet>�����X�}�dFǞu�l�u�\���et>�TF/v��t��EK��^�A��W�XK�ʄyx�'� 2�ȇ�ձ�1 w�ڽB�������oD��j,3K�sZRr-�
���O�ny^9Qt��zͫ����q������Y�o\ �^�Z>O�z�i����W�.�W���$��C��8Nٽ����N���Mï�z�~c���5��g�^sZ�e�{ͫ����F������k��~c���5��L�^sZ�����W�,�U1���_�����b�^�Z�3��kN˟��{ͻ�/﵋��}���KV�q���}i���d��HqZ��k������p�Y�j��S�nZޙ��,v���#��ÿ}e����|�7��?�����p������*I��D�������F1v޶��JcA�\���8�70��9k=�ĳ4��
l@�T^�*�׾P.,�|�L�
1�-=bBz�L^�c������Nv
��ݳ�g�׽lZ�v�y{�B��--Rn���C˟%��A��`!�a  ��X�J�����9�D�p9          �  �  ��� �h /   �x�͛X�e�Ɵsއ�#ʇ��Y@T���1���H[҈N�|�4hh��J�_�)�n�hj�cn:+]u)���nf�ik�i�9�9�ؒ�����y����3@���u{�{������s8G�z�	�Fu�1U�W4��C�M�"X���p!N����	;�n�:ؑ�f1��q�z
���8��4V��c��E"�;�SB���%��Q�ӓ���&lpl�.~�ˮ�u��
�'�wv?>O�#�ĳ�����{��6�6~�� ���:k7���8��:A�m&mf"��'��|�&�p�h�_6ߦ��I���vu����i57���?�k�-�h}�=R0_���|�w�[���᝿���basV2�N�&�����&��¾ï����������~��-߿{x���m�]�޾��������DWtڼ���n\W*���Y����#�ҋwe��1B�	����=��
�
|^����^Z������`ޟ���>x�Z\��N)�-�QX��[��)vg#��I�"B܏g��d��dG�O:NCp&�]�[�HGڄy��������RO1]1����ϺB��%or�Ϣ��GzJY%3܅O����)~��[��q��������=�艬O�
w��zDq�L�ړq����HݘHd/��DNQ"��+�Q�Pi�2x���ɮ�w��-�����J������Z��f����>U������Y�V�mo���gI܏�6�;�읈�ĳ�.�sz�]�����t���K�to�Sw\RR��{�y��u�uߟ�?#�a(j��(��yM����>��y�x���n�5߉�w�?�g_jH��(�5�
)_8^��+�	���`6�������58^�e�fcXk�M��f�����\�h/c�eNY�M�5�\S��-y��ښi~>�*LWq���?Z�J��,�M��H�cU�Ðu��p�{tE�Wc�0�%YY��q��=�*�U�V���W!��=�k\��e� ��+Az��LVB��ׇ���/��NY��A�d-��!�V���Ӌ8Ad�Oi:k����/h�� 1��H��H�Z��L��	���AJa� o�Lڽ����BL/���
����2�h/j����|NY��=j"ҹ��M���.�v���y� ��π�Ț'�@&-e���\L�����3��� d�k��@� k�����m�rL�s��(H;X�rdіj�g��p��ʟ��9R���K���0]�	"+?�y�2�Y�e�n�0=�DV�D��Y��DȤ��m�RL�r���Oi"�T&Cm���@$�Y�r�O���%�.��Q~w��JdwȤ�Z�ݟbLs���o�^c��5t/�h�Wi�a��DV��5���琢�]��V��NY��A��U �C&-����0��	"+H�Yyrd�Ƽ��V��6V��j�Z�퐋�\NP�W�T�ʕ���z�?i�'�9� ��sA�`��\Ȥ=�����NY� �<2�hk�ݲ1��	"+?	�V�L�͝���[��8Ad�G���ʒ��I{�n�HD��d�oj�:m�����	������t�>h�I�?�u��db:�DV�g�ճ2�g�I�ؠ���������X��=��E>�I�m2�'s������d��hoh�M��$NY�+@�$W@&m�M��H�`M��}R&����xL���Q��٬�����[�����NY�� yX22i���v�鱜 �򇂔�+�B�����E�-�� ����4��.�A&m�[�n$��ҥ�'5e���L���Q��n5�ܥnc|h����hL�����K����h��Z�-ө� ��w�t��*wC&-�mm����	"+#H�Y#�FȤ=���[
�S8Ad�/i#+E.���G��t���RV��雚�K��L��	���@�ɺG>��i5����ws���O�1��2R��>�o�nwb�NNY�q ���q�I�ڣ햄�$NY�}@�c%�>��z|���pL���o�k��C&-{���W�AIJ\p���د퐀�NP��+A��v������t����wX�r�hw�|����NY�/���#_�L�/i�Ec:�DV~	H/��e	d�k�e"Q��>��܏�az'����)�5H���_~�ݟ�0}'���� �ǺM�L�?���[��8Ad��i0+J��mp�Qm���	"+�����t��>�c�n�1ݟDV������/��LZ���n�����_�I��v��~��>��	�!V?�2i��i�'�� ��ׂ��!�B&�腡[_L����� ����r�h7���[oL����_�VoYY�S�n����?�"V�����Ӛn#���
�#|R�3��v�t'����4�&A�vB0�	"+?�A������v��� ��:k"ҹ��&-�nA�����hWYA�Ȣ��vsa��	"+� H_�\� d�~�GM��H`���������Q�j����jH��K/h�ǁi'����@Z�r�� �6�+m7�i�	"+?��XR�A�����vNY�@�c��Ȥ��Z��.$&���.�ԐY������$��>ʏ�.V������ݟk���	"+?�(�5#�hu�n��n����M@�AD:�M@�E+��v��髜 ��O���q�h���0��	"+H'Y�>H�f�k�mEb����"�gm�+���	��U me]1VA�|=��٣���1��Uo�C���\��g��8Ad��TΪ3r ���v-�0}�DV�8�rX��q�I{���.b�"'���D�Ʊ.��������F"�u�p�H5h;���yNP�;Ar��NȤ�7h����q��ʿ�_c��]�?�C�V��,��r���?�e�Y�8d͟���(��Z�g�1j!��W�k9��Ӝ ��7�T�:ml�LZ�U�Z�#��u�X�"����IL���Q~H�Y'�2Ț?���QV�٘-c�0�!u�a���?��� �� )�u�x 2i�6j��)�?���� ��O�Ț?���QV��M`5" ���k��D��YW���GWT�׎�2t�k�X���#����	�f}d|Y��i��CL�	"+H��>4vA&m�5����?�����]���5��>�b�n`4C�/���u�(��V?h������M����1����x{����i�}�(Țߋ��	?��X{�XȚ��q-{����XV��R��\�v�k�ެZ�Ⱦ�k�y����aksO\����Ji�o������-�׿����e����6~U}�O6L������o�6uo�[��;�*�n��Y�]j�n�)N�����D���X�re���������N���6j>okw�i?Z�q{���*m���^챍r��r�ⷼ��徇���n��{w]dj�S%�t��С��:��̯c���0������F%��It���}E���jd�=xޖ崅����]u{Бu��u�pF��LҰ�����������U��߇�*���Q�X�7����cF�*�b�vd���W���M�[\���l�/3V�ʌ7\�H�\���l�o������h���6K��\���Ƕ�����ϡBD�v��|=·v~�v:ˌ���CI;���:�p�3���5·Cg:�ᱫ��Ch�*꽫�\˺�\�I�M�uPg��#{\�*s�.%��=^��q~H@�����q�?8�t̿��Pz��tH�w��OC7b���Cb8�=�h����0����7��NǁR�_�=^����!�~�GW��h�*�yWѹ�	�o�E�v$@?v�ۿ�������:�����k?/����wB�k���������c���s��J�+��:�[YM^M���_[���:ֳn[Iu~G�o�ǝ��N�0���+���}�ЦÍx���L��]�3����L������Ȧ����ď���W�������J�����J�����J��}_w����w֑���~%k���J��k�=Լ���[���n�?kF�'_�������D߯���H��5��_B�?�`!�  OG��R�&(��5�o�Tg          �  �  ��� �h u   �x�͝tu�ƫ;���WU5D�5"dE֘����L y�Y�����$*�2(�ʘ�M`�ᰠ.��*�z0���\ߌ�~�V���?�J)$������G��N��T���يP�)���T]i�����(�TQ��;�����e���\�)m�!����*�,�v�T%��S���P�b��x�o�Ng&aI�WR��S"�O
{�Wo�Qv)1~���v��N�����5�����o5{ĭ^�W,��z�r\�u)g9=V�O~i|�A��؜���������*��Q�X>�U~x&M�m���.�+n�6�vښ6���ݔ'���3om�d��SO���B�yP��=��Ǘ��%��
-�ܐD[��X���������A��cm�%g'QpZ�2~RѴ�ۊ�MT�g�L��2������T��ZS(��r�ҧY��L�n$�/qT��k�,p9�Z����+���H��?�YY�a[�W~�4�f��A�D�ر������{F9?/�=1�̳�]�����MM�����y���9���2�k���������Y9-�U���.vH�������q�Lϗ�S� ���l��r���	����b���3��β�qx�s�{����4�xf�~Β�������ٴ3����ʢ��YMɵ���陎s�G�F��\���\]3�抅�ݒ��5��]�s�8͕�\�P��5A5�Wn��\�j}`@YO��42Ýź5�����Sn�z�Q���G�D8��4�l�G��)�SG��1>��iG��PI������*TS�n�ȥA1#sr��*�*A�g�Ҡ��Y�s��J���4(fd�,��򓕠�3riК�Nse�J�B��%A7f䒠3rIЍ�$��i��5v~���&b�$�6r�LĂ���N'O�:Vqo"�6Gi��Q:9:Zz��y�ˣ��gkAԜ���];;��pm���Z5gk���l���k#n�ւ�9[;�wv|�f���7[����m��C�)�[4w����c��œ��F�m���W���O�V�������"%)��gz�E�����>T��U�ݞ^i7�WZĜ^xV��|z�Eʣ�a��WZDL��L�{>��=��"bzef8͕�\v{z�E��G��
�������9�hZ�_#.����.���)d�F���H-W�RCn�F��32��*���ܞ�B�5����-�©!�'���x����4W~rj��I�)d�F�r�+SM]�׈Cn�F�r�5�Ɛ�7�����H�DG����GNLu�9���<=�g��6�؆�����xVx͸��c�Fwl��O�yz0P��M�x&{a@Lv���?��mSݞ�s�g�guu���d���4W,�Mu{��d���4W~�6���^������nS/�d�3��d�3��d�3��d�3���n�4I*��E�G�t>��%)U��g2���.�v�:V�w{2�b2:�@���h���ɘ����%�i�X����d�S�d���4W~r���ɘ�����q�L���'c���d�Uݘ����1Wm�dl%�$������C���6}�LW�CV�KR�|�M��ce��&ԯ1s[��ٖ����}��_-�=�Z��ٖ����i�X����lk�7g[Nzf��\��e>�g[k����4W�Z�г��ߜmN�I4Ny��������Dq:UtAcO���{���)�����^϶���O��d�Ǎ�:�(U��)����f�$��y�,_��=>����c{����_�l4��%m��͙YN���:ιA����u[׾�B��jq^�)'k1߭��m�һ�_y����	�9"�:��������=^�#��^�5L��p�w֕���!߭��mi,���ޣN����JN��Gt\��p�Ȇ|�������{��=��#;A�#�b�_����-Ʒt�j�4�9�TC��j󞩊4����Lu�7��馜a:����;�y��G^�+x�Ӯ�1�TP�\l��Sxvb��y���vz��=g\��9�
�3S�w6�3�b�ϼ��'�y�}�+���;$y���7�������y^�\�p��\��Rv�f��v���}�x�֦��b��}�����A��!�r^q�韚�����������'~"~�?�7������O�D���w��
$�'?�������㓟����*��%�'?���ʐ����O�O���&M$1>������/GL�Zb|��1���뱞1��1\k(��t�r����`>�	���9ք�[Ӣ��Q �5�=kQ���jY/Ր�_��\�^Q
�j�J�)��/��r�Q��χ�)�rc>d��k�T�YiӖ���;�,��4���x �h7�m��&Mm@[
�R� ����� k�QٴG�ٞ��I� ���T�z�(�l��X~�k�+���7
!�_��
�Q������Ua􃬴�̓n�\��r�E=�~��F>$h�7�5���p�s�E=�|V��ٴ��l��}?wY�;��ú��Y�n�l��}/wY�ۂԑu���i�f��4� ���@j˚f� ���Gi��pO�"���k��l�c�l���D��1����M~�4�h�Gs�E�(h?�FG!�ֽR�m�#���V���F=d�H��{wY���T�f�,Z�ǥ�n��v� ���	�^��ƛ�M{B�m ���Ȣ��7Y�-��]�'����ݗ;�,�kA���k��l�Bi�^p��"�zHkY��Ȣ��O�l=���D�% հzK ��H��f�o�"��c -a�l	Zۂ'������"�zH���2Ȣ�\,͖wwY�KA*c���E���4[��AdQR)+�	�?�Z"��	�N�AdQ�8V'cd�z/�fK�;�;�,��A�J3�C��g����ݎ;�,�=@��jg�lڳ�lm�n�D�� �`�5�B�ve�e�l��n�D�N ue�2:A��Z�ݒ;�,�W�ԉ�Ҹ�i�K��p��AdQo	ҕ,�h		Zj�*i��!� ��@j�
��ݶ\����;�,�'�c4"�m'�~���ߤ��� ���I�b|	�U^�f;��')�E�S��b��?�,���l���=wY�?�S���������4��p�D�] }��Z�ٴU�l��>�D�� �bӷBm�K�l��>�D�u me��A�v�����>��3� ��� i�3}dц�I�}�'�AdQ��O�g �v�i��p��"����a��@�����H�} ��AdQ��� �v�:i�w�~�;�,�3@z���>����ކ�m� ��O i�m}d�^�f�	�N� ��ik�>��a��^��5� ��i8�5}d���$Ͷ��AdQ/ ik�^ Y���U�mܛ��Ȣ~H�M������H���{=wY��A���^O�,���lk�^�D�v ����� ���m�l��^�D�K@j�Z�_	�5#�K���{wYԃ ]�Z�!�6�ui�j����Ȣ��o�FD��g_�E�x��l���wY�O��3�9�d�F�f{�Ȣ�9H'XO�Cm�Ni�Ep/�"��>�>g-��A�vm�J�-�{wY��ik��d���f��|� ��o��|};$h�ƾ#��܏p�E�U����_�,ڸ�I���]�D�U ��*�WA6m�4�l�gs�E}H�X��e�����w��f�=�;�,�AZƚ�/�,ڄ���J�.�"����J�9�E�g�4�$�'q�E}&HsX�����]7����=�;�,�A���O�lڇ�l���D� Md��G@m�K��{8wYԇ�4�5\	Z����l�pr�E�HCX�z/Ȣ$�6��AdQ��^�����E��4� �p�E=�Y�HЮ/9 ���>�AdQoR����i��lpp�E�H�Yz+ȢM=(�����AdQ��Ԋ�]�@��1�4�Mp��Du��&]�lڧ�l�p�r���o��hD�۾Iʵi��I�eÝ�D�à}���C��9�si��ᾞ;�,��t�u��1dӾ�f��k��Ȣ���Y��!�6�4[�;p�E�u�v�:�C6�Ki�T�S��Ȣ���Y��Hв�="�v�Wp�E�%�6���_�,�}�f��˸�Ȣ�p��"��"��g��Am�1i�(�Q� ��?
�"VT���#͖w2wY�g��(+Y�Y�Y_I����q�E���,�^ٴ��l���$�O'�����uJY��ǥ�~��'� ����(�O��M;!��-��r�E�Hw����@�������N�}�;�,귀ԇuB��i�+�v��AdQ���Q-��_`��Q�������BK���?��t[�}�;�,ꗃ��:�]ٴo��r ��AdQ�@��u@� ���w�l����Du/Hk��-���l{���D��c4"�m�y�6�}/Ͷ���AdQ?�w���Ȣ��{i�]p��"�����vi ���4��wp�E�=��vh�A�;��s�zE}�ﱶk; {�?J�e�[��Ȣ���-�fȢ��(ݖpo�"�zH�Y�:Ȧ�$��
ܯp�E}9Hu�W�����rרW�û�U�-��ڻ���n�*�Wq�E��ŬUZd��OJ���� ��S{�*X5�����rר�������^�?���,��r���˃T�zV+�l�b,/��Z?�����X+�l�B,/��Z?�����P��i��J�+������A�Ǫ��!�����m����?�凹F��O���a=�u�l��X~�k�k�lގ���������>�Y�Ad�g� �e��b�ퟎ��\�^Q��cM���ퟂ�)\�^Q��3F���Gxl�=X��k������u�v[���S�c1F;ƺG#r������~����#j��J�}�9���sٹ�s�Ծ�ǎ+=븊k�Wџ�}�=�u^պfa�r��S��'��i^�pP?ⵯW��NJ{0����7u������W��H$��.�'��>z��M���ry�F��b���ynԯ�S�A�Og�1π�p$Y�~�	���S�.�H�˝�b���Y'(���'C�=���}�vJ�s��������@�������i���~�sH7Z��:�����L@�c`|��DW���g��:�_����﫤
=�wW��|��a����ۂ�ܻ�s��`ˈ^���7�g�g��\���"h��
�����l��ikohdk�t�S�L�W�����`��
���ƿ����k����◫�6��ww������C������X�g^#{��s־�����sW���n��i�E��>��4?N��5tD����id�Q`!��  T����S����g�p@5          �  �  ��� �h �   �xڥ�]L��g��>����	6�c6T�Xvj���������&E�nh��ٺƾs���_�+���_"�&�܇�rb'�[7UG�E"�y�!������-�J���J��;3;�73w�α��ݛ���o>vgO: �7�`x�O3�s����N$XB��v������_o��0��㯃Vx9xn �X
 ����� ��Ҋ�4����X�����Q��܆l�O��|z'��ճP��*յR|֔ɵth�j�����S���C�|�
I�����H��M��} � fH��+ ������zpu$�Kת����ǖϻ(�
p��հ��[D�Ue7�J�mQ�j�z�_�O�5������~띿�����~}���������/W�C��l�]'O�cK�1 N�.dg�����(\H��ʦI�M�e��Z 5�3а�_�J#��| �~fx\���*l�+��uډ�t�����ｿ�*����~�,����}nj��&T���0[;l_�L����>���>�m��`��}��HY�+��Q�G�h�����p�5��x���y��[[I������\03M`,7cfg��^֨��?{���؅%�s5����fr��1���g�B&k��jي7�k� l;�� d���Nھ�D	�BF��.�L Il�mL�.�j��My-X]b�I\B/���E��Ų���>�f�R����A���C��C�K�w���mҘ����D��Dd+��4*"�v(�D�s"a6��bQ֦-5���sR{�G*-m����y�1s�-�k&��Y�3a���DW;�UK3+���JI�m � >w+�p��)mVپ�B�E�պ��zաU��h��6�pKg��e��0�Z���,�5>ݠ��������fR{�_c�T��'zX�~�+z��m�>����{���Hh?"ڿU�gy������76j�?���������[�Ʒq�[�
��R0�H$D/�E%��x7�l$ m�k#mQO�R��|�����jE��sD��Eg&�Թl~&G�j�Q���Q8o�#:�9Sd�h�7|"���6���*��@,Ŕyw�قj��yV�\͙�j�5�W�QV��5���?nR	QC���8��۴��k�5���K�>V�;��!��j�z��[`mO+�#yɧɪf'��(���D�!	�-��/�5�P��Vt�/�)ɼ�5�m��T_�릏z�Ŵ��H�ئ|$��52o��T_��N�N�bZ�U$G�M�H��H�ݕ���x��^oŴ��H�ئ|$��H�C��O�e����׍��VtI۔�dÎ$vW~�/�5�^O�Ŵ��H��dȎdmKۉd۔�d܎d������5W&U~��gѤZߊ)N�J�>f�21w�L���\!�>_�h��UR
	xN��{8��:$VM4���k��ʯ��{RLi��JI�_+�����VJ��Z�]�$U��RR�J����Z)��k%�ܕk�Z��	���V��d��h������|6	臫�&"1�����=���?�mL^�\�81g��L���� ����v
���-�g�D�	DŘ5�#Qk"QVۉ�5�(�U��Z��g���Z���Z��D��V=�#Z%e�@��Ed��/L�%E)y�@�-G ���)Y��0}��Dɢ��$e��(Y���q��(Y���zXm'J=OI̶��d�h���XJ��3E�x��X0�E�����>����Ĥ�4cmuOc��4)�'�����hN�D4���8��DJD�I��a��H�hOJ��-Oʪ@J�meU���U��3~6��L������	��1��Ĭ����NĬ�����NĬ���Ym'bVEb���<1^���ʂ�>b�VI�`��&;;�οR��! � JR��H���?��e�+�����/^�Nۉ���K��v�e�[���/�ڼ,x�y����m+]��x�I�J��i���l�g���w3�|�*���BJ^ 9�������+ٌ1���3s�ZϩyG m1����r1�F���a�=�fi��M�4v�x�L�t��h���4FXm'�|��Dc���1�E^�F*��#.��ʳ�"�������b�h��'9���|v�X�{���tKӱ�땥cE���?Zq�cE�#��j;ѱ"��a���X��|;ѱ"������a�`�� *�Ɣ���Q�*�'J�����f�a��ab�u�3{�M��4ٶ7�|۳5h�����me�����mg������L�������������>o9U�I�7F�v�B6_�8������n��aSxG��#�FsZz���ME{�����0_p�NT���"�j;Q��ഝF�� ?"�]y&�E&2��db?�*)-L�O�ә\:o����\~&;;J��� 	��%�����g.1�Π|Mbf���~���L9v;�!��ϵt��ub`Yd���A'�E8m��a9P{��ގ��.��d�}��ݎwY_�+����w9mRw��l�G2oG�nǻ�/��n��tǻ�6����F6�#�;�#��ﲾ�W��=���rڤ�n�ٔ�dʎ�ݎwY_�+����w9mRw��l�Grˎ�ݎwY_�+����w9m�U$�ئ|$v$Caw��gF��+�g.�M�����M�H��H��g.��%g9��7Z�o�6V}��(�f���.�>�]U�u�y��5��{�޺�뷞��m���x���ӛ���Ex���m8�7�Hл��#�\1w.k�X��Kx���&Q����݃ƙ቗�z�q|ؘ�3糗��w:߅W�S����w�øe�Ê�vN\�-f/T�o�����$TE����Cv`!�di  �8k5�y(�?U��          �  �  ��� �h 2i   �x����D����L��d7�Y�t�W�M� R�J��XhR��tD�bA�"�"MDP�����������X��{�$�N&���I&!�����O>yp4�1p�	� �gp�@��o�-a�-���e`�;�2z s��C��%9kE�7��:�-����T �·����_�eiK�;�L�� ��+[;�NO�qYCi�S�\T��U�����E=�o����j�o��ӵg�9�t[��Z2(��e��Y	.�\+�9mp 0�4��8�{Z��-���$���0]"��%4��v���_�Y�l�nJ�P���lMn��+�𷹞�F�����k�~p20��[=m�nAS0��Q���"V,x̌�z�����T~����6�_���o6A�V��b�A�Kӥq�f��2��7�ܭ}��~�nm����|b�_�ӈ�
v��(�_�w�{���d��Nѯ���ӾW��]��=�{�N9
^Ԁ�(ȟ��݁6���������ʔsI���7)g�r�jү����ej׬\�~�-��}��(E�t�Ӷp��k�,]�x���R���L��8�M��[�]���3��Z��i�d�_I�����ܱ}�ŋ��-�+_o ��C=��/(�o��O2�[.��/uڞWmӧM��zt�Q��}���W��֞���U��/����|k�!2Ġ��J�k��Z�0h}��#߽7Y�?�o-�3j2g؞�p��k}�T��Ms�����M�T���Z���śC��k�
����o�3Ͽat�����x��e}��w+���]N��ŭyg�����6�z-��Zv!z���զ�㝻w�g����:K���^��I�i�y���>�d�l
ջ�o��|�"�>��~u	�\�lE
+T�Pa�/��&l��+\���v�z����S���xZK�>��d�l�57�N�Ā���U�ߤ� C��:���ڀv�{�Α=P�ywZ��n8?%�f�6��/�FkS��}���޻B�Nmz��Q��@��H�S&��3���l�������զ?S����6Ո}��F�Ka��w�jD	t�kD,H��T׈~�WnG���ަ�/�;5"=[ר�ԝ�Ӑ�����u7�;?�5�c��׸��kPi�^-
��9��։��J�Hy+�ݞ:�ݮ:���N�A��N�@��N���@=��:��6Չm��NlKa��v��D|{�ěP'^My�H�oO�H�oW�H�SW'���['�ݬNK]��aZRޟ@����ݮf?��f?t�z��R����]�zWnܨ�G�߸qT:Z��_�{��s=HSA���_�����V���wo`p��!���5�3����덽�[������Sޠ�������g;��'���&N���R�1��2ݴ_įt����2�M(0��W���]{z���@J���i��d���6�����w�?�z0�Ok�.�/��=�k�e��?P�q��D�N/���k~$�"�sj�ܔ��fw0M�轈���s�3̮�����1�h.�������Vb9��d9�W�v4������,Ǖ����帢��"w��~x!?Ǖ�}��帢�U�Uf����,Ǖ�e	>�r\yZ���,Ǖ�Y�WY�+�[#rkX�r�s�㊖��/��,7;x���	�t����Ӯ�W�]�*�qEs���#,�>؛�����,Ǖ�5�e9���r\yگ�X�+O���r\y�̀�W��"^�YNVg9�h}y���(����r\yZ��X����r�W��%�.�q�i��Y�+O���q嬵b9�,Ǖ�m��W�vV[�r\A�Ӿ`9��4�q�ig���縢{�����۫f9��&�q�֚市cZ�r\yZ^m�]n`9�hn���e9];�r\yڥ�n�9�W�o���o����`-��֡�&�CmYnjp �q�i+�/�W��2���򴯂�X�+O�&��帢��Y��g�6p�o�WP7�YY�+�+.r��|���|��Y����q�i��A,Ǖ�=���r\y�h�u�����k�Y�+�q_�Wt_��}y.���i���+Z_�[��d���,a�}Y���}���}��j�Y�+O+�=�r\�s�D���&�\fm)�q�i;�[X�+O��帢�����_X��`��9�h��Ix���r݂�X�+O���r\yZ�`G�㊞g�!�˽|����,Ǖ���>`9��O���1m��+�q�iǂ��s\Ѻ���u-˵�ʰW��{�����"�Y�:�\Sm0�qE��d����6o��ۼ}^�rwi�X�+�f�y�}��
h��WP��㰲g���jw�W4WV�ʲ���qEs]D��uԆ�W����cp*�=��`9��#�����a�����r\��7�ǯ��'O��{���Z9��
�!�!�q�ioi]Y�+O{[�r\y�	m:�q�ik��X�+Z��Dx�~"rGE�(�5�.�W���(/?_yZK-/�qE�A�(�����8��ݍ���w��z�-��3�E�y�9��!r3Dn�ȭ��=����(/�����r���|��6h1��qE�/���/��������"�Қ�W������,��6�市v74�帢}��]�x��}�.��p9�1�|L䮊�U��P�b��d�����e9��'b|��b|��Xn��*�q�i��5,�����x��Ll����/�k1^�X���.�縢m]�8o������j�����y�?��:��s���}�6w비c�%c��XT8Ƣ�1:�1:�1����p���c�'cc���`�;F�(�j��Z8��	r�XA8�
�1V���p�E��1rE��c䊲p���m�1����p���c(�@��	��O8ƞ�1����p�݄c�&c7�[��B8�V�1����p���cl䎑+��#W���c����E8���1����p���cl䎑+�;�c�:��9���@8��1����p�u�c�#c����Q8Ǝ�16���p�-�cl!cc���X8���1v���p����1rE��p�ȕ��䎑+�{㎑+zu�;F��+���+�[ r�1nr���^A���V=�#Wt9����㎑+O{'�#W��'�#Wt�1rE�7@�o�����oǋ�"��q�p���c�J8Ư�c䎑+ڃ��p�y�c�+c^��
�hh�����p�W�c�.�u�]�;F�h�;F�h��;F���᎑+ڳ璣+�㎑+��*r�1ޣq����9��
ǘW8�l�1f�1�p�لc�&c6�/�c䊺a����;��c�䎑+��.r�1nr��us	7������o���#W��:�#W�Nr�����1~"�j�WǸ^8���1n�q�p���c\$�
�WǸ^8���1n�q�p�;�c�!�Q��
�x"�#W�v&�#Wt_r������1rE���Q��
�xT8�SA����厑+��,r�1^
r�ȕ��䎑+z�/�u��m9��c�2�&��c�䎑+ze�;F]8FW8FW8FW8FW8FW8FW8FK8FK8FC8FC8FO8FO8���1����p�E�c,-ci��
�XU8��16���p��cl,cc�G�8Z8���1��q�p���c�+c_�[
��R8�6�1����p�M�cl*c�[:�G�c|D8Ǝ�1v���p�݄c|L㎑+��3����U"�J��v��1v���p��c � ��8H8�A�1����p�=�c�)� ��8H8�A�1�f�w�}�c�+�p���8R8Ƒ�1��q�p��c'�h�G�8H8�A�1����p���c�-c7��	��M8�n�1v���p�݄c�&cS��
��E8�.�1V���p�%�c,!ci�K�XZ{$��{�ڿ��i��n���ҟ�����?���G��B'�Fb*X>~~���,���� ��y�GY��_��4��^�,��������_օ�	��_��oW�T���ۋ��+��[����n���_��;�d�����_���b7�>�-��)_�����|ϻ��B��_�㿎���[~F;���_��?�������� �V���칤nZٴc������tS�����G���c[���9v=���ߏ�����?���K����7�F���s�W�ʍ�����VjG�UN?����l�@6"�$n!1"�.�����#��Mk"�Eͣ���)]�ߍ�3ň��3�=t�]O_:ɮ�/���q�?P�q��D�.��q�\�&�6�sj��[��Fđ�g���/�;���pj��=�JZF����r��c9�W��y��q�iw��X�+O;��g9��=,Ǖ�-�O�W�at����Ӳ�X�+O�*�r\y���,Ǖ�=j�r\y�;��,Ǖ�m�g9��W�f��W�WB{Y�+O;�������p�i��Y�+O�e9���q�d9����X�+OK�/f9�W�v���q�i��}���r\���c9�W�VP����7B�X�+��!���
�>���g`��f�J�W�V(T����Z{����&kO�W�/O��/O����̯�/��󾏹~���k_�W�6A������0�/���`�����K�W��X�.�qEGAv0�(�,�T��㊎��d���X��,Ǖ����r\yZ����ʃ��W���Ӷ,v_�+O;��r\�ѵ�M>��4�->�r\yZ��qEG��l�߻��w��nc9�����kw�W��jeY�+:�~��x����K�ח.,�B�r\y�|m
�qm�����y�Y�+O���,Ǖ���/�W���a���zn�������W��Co��o0�iy��|4S�Vc9�Ǿ~�帢��E��/YnN(��pE�G^~�):2��F,Ǖ��P7��
�6���V����ӖW�W�>�v��og�Y�oY�+O�]b9��m�b|�S�V.t7�q�i�^����BMX�+O;��r\yڍ���
���L���Ӧ��f9��q��~�帢|��������*�W������f,W;ԓ帢#�G9|d�(���f�W�vwh5�q�-��q�j�{����ꄮ�W��� W��?������*b[�Kj�r\Q�^��+����^�g�CsX�+:km���ZᣞvF����>��D��4:�r���,�-��Q^~��}�F�,��/բ��T��2B-���mDh�q�i�BsY�+8׆ֱW��F��r\Ѷ�d��u'Y�`� ��2�3�gLy��},��OVwy�:���[�Wt�}�h:�h{:����8����g9��L�wY�+hc�=,����qE��Z��E5v�b(�qE�Q��G�c��=���)O{\k�r\��H�c�>R�+���r\yZ>m!�q�i���W���E���������1~��1��4�8�ӄ�=���,Ǖ��
a9��>�r\�~X��g2i��X��M�M���c���c���"w�\�Q'�1r�i��1r� �#W�ָc�
j��#W��P㎑+z��;F��Ej�1rE�㎑+zw�;F��g�q�ȕ��Ѹc����ǘG8��1��X�;F�賃�1rE[�k���p���b�;F�w�\y�'!���!���J:w�\A�H璣+O;⎑+�%��c����x@8�j:w�\yZa�ǘ]璣+��*r�1�ҹc��Ӫ��1rg6�;F����s�����1r�i�c� �w�\yڡw�\Q�����1.�q�p���c�/��1~(�r����Y�;F�w�\yږw�\QW�D�R���c���ƅ�c�
Z�w�\ѳ;w�\��w�\yZ#W��]㎑+�1i�1rE�0w�\�;��1r�i}4���3��#W�8璣+ڃ厑+O�q���]�;F���Ըc�
z��1~'�.�w	���p���x\8���1~䎑+:b�;F�ǘQ8ƌ�1ƅc��XN㎑+:"�;F�#W��#W4�[�c|U㎑+:��;F�����c䊞�c��Ӻ��c�����c��Ӻ��c�
�A�;F���1���2�1��1[�;F�w�\yZ[��
�8@8��1N
q�ȕ�>���,+w���c��Ӛ��c��޸c�
z=!���^�p�{�c�0�#W�
5w��Ǹ[8���1�"�/�1��p���c�tKǸ1�#W��`�q�p�+�c�'��
��W8�Ǆc|L8���16��^�;F�cq�sǘC8Ơp�A�Ok�1r�F�;F�h�厱�p�%B�1r�A?�;��c$� �	�8H8���1���Y�;F�(�N��c�w�\yZ�w�\��;��1��q�p�c�c#c�;��\8���1����p�}�c�+� ��80�K8P����c��Ӗ��c�G�1rE��1rE�u�1r��w�\�:�#Wt�qb9��q����p��u��1rE�;%��qw�;F����ǸU8ƭ�1�)��1.
q���q����1r�iO��c��S�����;F������
����q��=��c�
�*!�����M���8�u����n���ҟ��������i�n��K�����,_���Q:-Cu�ޚIǱ����)"25�~��Ȕ��bT���e�ˎ�r�[v���#߲㉷��o��ȷ���-G�e���r�[v��-G�e��o9�����:��vnyX�X`����o6;:z��:���m�������i�|���X����J�X7��/Iz�['��W���@ s8�7��>���?g����c�9�V�G�	�Gt��@�@)�Y~43#���
s��hVD��R%������Ms����}���z�ԕQ	#e�VF��)�����3�e4�L]������-X�P2eT�l.�R]F�ԕQ7��2z)mR��E�)����;�e��N]�vRQF˝�2*�Lp��#�.�Ñԕ��h*�h{4���j�_�6/��.��n��hs,et���^��(���2:襢����ݲ;U�k����R��!���o�=��J�����!�w�7�C��P�F��?���e�[��3c�,/��r�7���-������_�7��O���CF^=���A3�ίH���[��h��TS�4U�������+eT�J��Wcdې�x��� ���4O?���u(�O	���#T�k�%E9��{��[���\�0��lXX�8������������ڣK��J��o�e��&m6�t����������끿̬돔�����i)��yыzM�����h�����A���4��X�1�eH��m���!z�Ҕ�I����X���G�P#T?��cU�!@q?P���@�f
����Zx
����I�4��b,Pl��Ő�Y�&�4 ielE-U��@�+��
q�4�h�q �h����)��t=>%�cJӘ�Ά��b��/*��G��>C��M�W����	\�T�y~���$�>�4�p{�w������G�x (
��%M����S/��Y��+�ͻ@���4�1�4���x7�O�hެ\6�} ��4�I �$'a�HA���'#l��4��(�$� No�W��;�S6�G�Oo��A� �`d5��[�t�Y>��3O�&���Hod6
S�*�De������y>�MYJ��$�f�k��4����(�����4�FFs�1��i�U.���/��̂8]zO�4��d��-aV����f���!��>�F@�a|�W/���(e��`�_C{��V�4��J�$�n4�G�z�4��f��%�K�i�u�O2�n�P��`�}��4�m�cv�w��Q��L��PX
4�!��4eͫ�a3�;��!��L�X4�@l,M���Ϙ��D��=u��y@� ���4���q�pf�@�-T$��r���@��zi?E	(I�p9T3\J�恰�7�C�!MS+\=��z��Dm��iZ����IӴgD}�9���1��e��(����!��������o���NS��h�A�\�f.�w����M�4�EX�:�;�����t�{�[W�}���'�i����p��tٜwׯ���q�~�Z��2������ M5i���ºkU��X��P��ũP P	���4	+���ʩ�����΅Ti���@ӄ��I�&��k��u)��Zq�2MyF���4��y@�8��r��Q�S���;1�4�c����2�}�l����L�8P���t���i�ZQ���An5ѧZu�i�E1X���hFZ��IV}�US�e�R��
��|��4�thgVXU�m���	Ǖ*�r�4�!:�4+��mVH?hM}hMR�����7��C�4Y/�Z�C�Z�C����4�0��i~��[mC��0yR��W������j��ȘP&2'ݕi�ħ)�A�z��YdP('���$�+S9��0,\�^i�����|��!�w=jECX�)�	��M�Q;FO���c��2M;��/�=&f ��O�v����L3(>�z��&M���	�L��^#WC�k�B�8	4� N��y��-"��6����y���a�l �t�9E ���i�mO�Oa����B{J�d�cH�3��vT�n�L�V�,\#I�6@�U���>���*+�~"�����z�f����Ae����7��4��G�j��#v�GyO5�g���H����)�+~(^�x����Qv��n$9�,;��դ���8P����4�,;e�ĳ���m{�2�,X�����;��^S��� ��m�|-�(��иN P\��;�.㢝߈8?�K�q��������4��h��Q����)�\6�(�.q�4%�I&e���4��b2��3KӼ���R'flq�7�9�{j)PЇ�@\!}LQ�-������4�Eho~��O�f��9���}��Un��r�+�f$���a�9��銴H���2M��� �,M�52�P���B� MC	jFJ�֑����c���@Q �tO���q�u��/r?���4���[���XC��u�$����E~	���V��c4 ���9 $/D
��"���f,P䄅�C�.]o�E�C���GS��󀂾�h���4�"Q4?��i�vE�{[뀢P����4ͮHs i$щ�:e��t] ��n�OD���� |=2@��0(z�ʨ?2H�_�Iψ��oF_S��u��$i� ś��hK�V��2͇@q����I�|m�E�����P��r�!�h4e!Ŷ�!���@��>�N��2M)H!�-MS�}��NE�����>��=$v �D�����S�>��=��r��/�Y���K�
4�!~)]6aO��~�6�/�����e��R�X 0W������;c�i4���cɴ��c�"#�&�� 叭R��9�����4�c}P�� �'V���S�y�ь��H��W,7j+����Q�J�4���~���Ii��cU��!46�͎uR�y(� �;gI�̎uL#���V��(Ӽ�[��!��Y{͍MBkc�ю�Ne�K@q(����dr4n�t%v	���p�x	��/PT����)���Ǜ�*�N�n��2M9��]!��"�������p��ne�@�P�'s5�K|��Ǐ��5��s+_1�Y`�S��V9���\F�xAcX�a�x5e��@�6�cI��1-�_��F�b;i�����xicE���%^O���x6}0��������xsc[|�q ���s0@�a�瓢� >(����7qW�� ���d���q�8���-^�@^e���1��K�
-%�/l8^5#�WL��
�.���4�y��b^z#�g+�d����Ձ�M�&�1�{�Zާ�����K@1h��W�x;q+o-��-V�����I��I����6�j����yC�i�0�!N����=��^�C�W�o�2� ��lQR4���x������N�4��y�m}�N����^�eĻ��h���r��]�8��qw뽉������w{?+_���a�`"�!}M�k�~Ի�_�.�?{G�i~ ���p��(Ms�;�_�2I$>����4ׁf,\hvI��w�Xb�~wb��9�2M:�x�q�4M��2���Z�rb�^01D�&?�y$��H�*��@1Z��ئ7KlP����GJ�J�fP|��L�ӛ'Z*�4K�w;F%�)�*�D�xT�xP��P,�ɌZ홨��H4�g&V�F&V*߃���;�6��ңG&�
�L�	�LԃXK�f�����4+�`&��J�}���Y	��w2ȏ��>I6�H"�t��'����}XRo=h����Qme�]QT��ޅ�L��H�ft�a����*ӼS���{����r��؆�g��ʽ���[,��)M��B���f Q�W@sHr$EsE��Y�fX����
����ϫ��&���i�&~
����{��/B�(M3 _E�0�O�Rxç�4�h�?���W�t����v �����z���+��?�?ƽ�i*�f1}�6�����Y��j�5r������L�v#5��W����h�񽲣9�m
Q3�g��5��ߍy�1;�Fk�=���;qL�=���n~�r��Q)s-�c.Q.�;M����.c.Cw�o��f?l^U��Ǟ�~��e��|�2������\�L�4,p��Ҥ��jV�/���"��b��~/3�-gJӼn���x��2�l�S�y_�ɌF�`���ͩ�s)��L�����x.)�����\�2��/���4g`��P{�����4��t�D��Ù��4s�b5,�+��������6}]XC��/+���a���I=�#���>���p6�]8�|�� ��zX�}�O0m�K�O��A�HH�f {f�5�̳��HT�@2����Kd���{(�����J�f7�o"/���2��r�9E��t�Hꙡ�B���(b�@�V�S�`����>���m�������I��>�|�og4��d�W}k���'�v~㢭~�.'�n���Ƒ|F�m�s��e�C�Le��@16�8D$�/���5�w�+Fg�7e��@�#lz���R�����й$yͧ��ʽ�.@q��Г���d3�8y�W���!�q�y(4��2��ˏpN�8���N��Ls�=Q�-��H�hp�:�4A82e�LVnoP�1U+����
Eƣ��g�iND�1��o|*�_���h[������bf����(�hv�=z~.:O�>�Ls>�}�����Zt5�y�^��ݤ��r���Ɍq+�>�r�PYw
z�U�����|�qi���ut���/�iAb#P,Ir�o�����~�^v?R�������&����L��]�~t���n{e�ӮG:s,�����q�;+m\m���X�1��� f��S���A�bQ�XW��������q�i�M��n����)��j��h�ǒ;@Ǌ�1������b�rٸqX(*@l!MsW�0N�+�{�Mp�x��;D�"�u��Fw��3��0�v����p�h岪����o��'-�G��n�,�y4�L�&P��#I�ͻP6�l��9}W��2�Avu���4���Et>���]�nP>�v��uh�&u�}���b���Y�}L�j�w�&ǘ&Ms>v���G��d�O+��{�0P4�8L�&��}7�V����MvL��XP��S��-�9p����he�D�oo�$U6���q�h+\ z��=�i^���� �)i��^W����{��BO�L��]#�a�M�r4_���� �1>k^Q�š���hRWl�pN�>\��=M�y�εA糾o�|S�J�}�N�2=���GcS>�p؟#i���3u����￳��{:�����ϱ��k�%�����9��݉ny��2�-c�M��[����|����
}����h�Q�I�ͱT�`�@�@v�9{&�+t�_��O5���
,��	TCH���N�\Y=EV�Y��jè�$YV?[+�.)��gq��ʪP����*�dYmv֠2N�S-tR7�B'3 /t��x���(��ĩ.��8ueT�HE�Hz���O�2N�g ^�n��N*f ^�$?�fǲ�8��T��"+ueԝ���^Nz��N�H'�3 /tR7�B'3 /t��x�S�-�z��N�f ^�b��N�3 ov��qR=�B'u3 /tR1�B'��7;e�T� ��I���T� ��If`�ˑ@�7����M3f�N�Jr�̛��PH߁��q�K�!�[���9"ӑ|('�� ��D��}}3{��hʡ���F��/��h��JC��uh�C�K䟖8muE�[�Pv2y�e3��BbEi��(F�Þ��ʐ7�=�4� En���Y*M�"�Qq �C>@3�i��I�:�)d+�O�'�6�]�f�g;�W���Zz�oP?��l}�6(�b��@S
�nK~��MVv��U��8�Jœ$�,����4y�@� ~Ѫ��X�qoe�b��}R4U����@����o=�wZ�x��u�x))���Sk >`��7Z��
e����5�!$g��K�ax�5o�f�e�4/ ��ؘ���Mk>Ь���e�u��G�'�i��W���uk>b����iv�g�?jN��;���v���	�����?wgJ��$�	I�4�B�4ׁ&P���,M��{Hܨ@�6
��Fe����T�8K���qIg�#���IU�e�{a�À���5��ϑ��tR�XH�i*�f_ �^_���k�'��c�k�}
h��f� ��I�M3c
�i����(�t����W!����e� Ífd�Q���4�H��e�#o�Y�I�֏�-�4� �,��4�Xۍ�ַ�s�'Ƴ�43��gJ�4X;�q�qc��+��6|/���|g��.�-�d]2�*���h��H�D����P>s���\�Lc������L�"�9Ǌ�o[w�[��zo+,�"P4L�&���U�|ߪ�R�|E��4��q�4M=s�u����on�:�k�iꚾ�q�4MKs�����z����c�V�i��!~)M��\cu���}�8s�2�K�?��V��t[���Ds�����}�2�k�?����IӼg^�V��ff&{�Hy,5,��!ΐ��Ҍ�Mf��7'���Xe�}��z�3m�4�1s(�ΜN.�3�sIų��&�YY�F�$��I��&w��T���eR{2PԂ�V��. �H*�W�2�)�4�M[�'�ij�g�"��H��!�:��2M��(��w�i��?#u��H��Y�3��2ͣ@�(�CLo���M+�Ӥ8j�k�*M��4 �����~aH����*ӌ�J��w!>g�ρ� �4�熟�׆�P�y5���;)�E�n���P��p_{C��2�F��Q�4ہ�p{Ox�}4�S�fPt���H���pw�`x�}>�Ls��M:8����1���=4ӹ�f�4M(ɝVg;��@�Ƶ�+C�*M�rY]��Vk�>��2M^˟;�)Ķ������VS����+X�2M9�xZ���IӔ��4�����Z�|f��ӫH# ~$}�jc-#�Y�ȓ���Z�LC���-��?���n�I�Y�i�D�5J���>(VZ���ZC�K�4�h�ZO)�La4[~?G�@���D޵^!뭧�iL���2�'M&/��d
)Er����i��O�;��J��Iґ$7�M,R�\Vvw�M��}K�5�$1IR��#���kn���@�'yH=�O�Cd QG�J��e�4��y�Ow�0N��)� e��>)M3�T&�H]��M��4だ|6��%9,iM��>z�VA�Q~_���"҅l }�>R�l$�H*ޮCi~J��$�VR�|u�8)�L���b���r9���~	��'Җ\��JC�7�����{۝I�)ho'���i���wE���M3{/y�>AZ�WH��2M3X��@3�]����?��%���j��]�_O�?��$E������;���.2��D�lF��G �Z�L���c2��MV�S �W�Yi�����dz��g�:�e��~���(�|+W�dz�G����2�X���9��|g� ��qf�K���4��N2�&�L.�3I��M�8)�8@�(*$E��y�dw�"%��I~g-I�ۼ(Mc�?K��q֐B�NRʦ��I�ۼ^��Iєw6��v�ٙO:�Wh;EC��
q�4M�52�YA&;��`��2�D�Hۜdz�K��@rY��%[���4��3�
��4��NS�5���"_97�̗�&	��4ǝ�1'J.;1rչ�L�}��d�t�4׀��7�/rE�F��@SbFiJ@I�Fғ{"�w3�5��If�VшN�F\R4R�ԌT��-�b>PL��o����YBZG֐��oɸ�>e��@�9P,���{[c#_���cdB��9�LC��4�%E3.r�,�\&�F������@�h���\zO-�L'�"�Ȯ��d}�	e��#��	F�6���H�3ҝ���LnD�(���w�2$E�ԙK���Q�3Q�{wWMA��U�Ɗ~I�џI��/$g
h��OS�yi��@�h�G%%�_+���~�yR4��H��O�qt/�Uw��bPM�'Z9�-��[t5iU+Иь���4M��\�:���n"OE+�t��#f%E�'�yH&Aٌ��V��hVA�.M3%:����"���eUi��
���H�ފ�C�G�'oE5���%e�@qh�Bt�i6���n4l�F�}��4ۀ�7��1&M��F�SQ�>����=k�&
_d��9�G�j4�m���(�S��s�Y�i47h�;�nf;c
h,H� esReq���Mo�t��ܮ�9%�� e]��hIF�	����̓�R�=I��Ik��2MH|�B�$]6��ߒz�9�эۃ\]����@3���V/yMԽA�p3�#�L�(7�L�$�Y
��4͋Pϸ�=�-l/vs)ӼH��+?)�W��B����R�Q�Y��㶾r��z�̵�wݜ�n(���R���hκ�=9�}n����9�-k��R.�S�(+�jI�\t�/��N�A;+�L�B��"�H�PJrg���;VT�&P��ׄ��-�>�2v�X5�P��]=�E�� P���N��T�Gc�5b�i���E���ij���-c5�1��1�v����xY��,v�|[q�2ͧ1�˵X2���f�ob��/��ǘ���oc��/�%U ~#��㓔i.�3@qO��O$��Pe�hܧ�q�4M���$K|
)�J��+��f4M��)
4E��&���M�x2W�G����a|y/e���:�ݰ�ikJ���{�+���k����)����+ 6��y9^��nψ7�_��W����S%E3;~�� ��~/���&^B��V6��ɜ�V� ��ԧ)�S[�o�J���?�z�M���K��2��@�VN�dƥ����ǟ�������9��Fg���Q/�o?�w���G؞���>4��z)��oy������o�}�7�.�=�L���ǥ?�Mvo�]�{ٮ�5��{��i�z��'��dƥ����x���^s��WY��A�(K��x�i��@��kd���y����f1�V�4���P.��G��^ue�q@Q
V�1)�I@���^5x�WF�f>P䆕��@��5�S�xu��!n��)Ӭc4�=��.�{��^��WE�f'P���k	�!Gsȫ`���硽�ͫ�Ls��⌉d��W���5��DC;�P?¯1�B@�Q�&�(o���̉vv�D]e�t@QV^�`i�����L�6�}�'��	�k�&�3B��hJ&:�e�����:P>�o�I���w"�+&U��f�~vO�[�$�)�4e4�'�9OuLT�K4��L4��N��5����3I��HԶGBݙ����H�?u<=��ۑH�㙉#dU��=1�4e����\����>\��H�%�oS�g���4�}��-���@ �4���P��M�����v�JbY��(�G�!W��{��p�7����}f5A�n�5�R�v(� EN쑦���Z��.�û�~G�f>{��^���i��S�7�[ևx����L36�(v�(D9���Qk�q��j���_*�fn�&�{����T�-e�e�	�#V2Ol��!o[/�O�Wɗ��X�u�I��F���rƚL��ԯB�b��3�	���4׭�$H�dI��iN��D:N��4��6�@���@"��[��)Ma;�� ��u	�ې�v_��V� }P�����%�9�7���.R�>A�T�43�S9���h2�q��(�E��/�wm���f�3K�	���D��y��p֐����4ϰ'�C�A�g�~�Lv:�7���+Nve���}�� ֑���GJG*�z��#��5 �"@1�F���#�H�He�*���,W�����3�X2�����Cn%��[þ�_�n�����%3��K������\{pL}L[/���>�Kf�_���|,lώ�@���G�>������ħdl�(��8K�'�i�b�K'I���$ZiCۭ+h�����;�zNR��!�[�rɚGQ+��v����X��T +��d�Ӟ샨J3*揰[�4���^29v�,��"Kb��if3��I��X��,��$����8��4�?^y�?,�Cp�}��{�Z�7�?�!v��=K�q�-� ~?�_�\�u,��4͞X�|!v��V���>�R�O4�����0�;{����\6U�l�tt}i��ц�~�Q�9Z?-�L3��,���4��hQ<6Zύ>�_�VV����i��/.#Y�љ��HwO�������'������4︣�
w"��]�v�ӕih�$|r�]���� �gDS��h��J� �'t�y��=���F��Qe�{��,\�Α"MS��K��zm4P��W���h�?s�i��z�Oo�f��$e��@�,�lR4��+@1Cu�{���4t.���?�OWi�'PK�)�I��G�*�4�1:��i����>��g�A�먯2��',�>ę�4��q4=���#|#��LCg�����qi�M�%�-4Yߊv��ve��h;�M�f'ڧ�B��'�1�8ګLs���ِ2I�Π����~yHǎ��7 0�h�Iӄ��.�t(��L8�2�]��HR4 �$��t�. S~��ޏ��k&��r��)�=T�K�/��M)F�
"���e�a���Q|C��!����XU�������Po\RyO�Y���8����ˠi$�����h�*z
�CO��h^�LIgӚ��;LoKS����P���W��)�y(�#Φ��4����,���*�T��Φ�(vB/GK���v���4t6-z&=��V�m�ѷx:��*��c4� ~)MsoA��W�]�)�й��\�tΦtҮ�
ށ����Rv}!ج�~;-G7�X7���
��(�LC����4����4M.�4�a�pi�~e�B�ٲ؟��)i�
FE\ب�k�p#��2���q��q�4M#�4���2��xM����5(�'E��X����c�gLV���m� .���cL�C��x��?o�Q��s{��7���o�� Yh4P��s{բm�v�4���l6���Fme�Ռ�� ��4���x��`��{�1�4����?��>`l�?K�	���o�7���D�i~0^M#1���:�����Aj�4M�|k�L�ɜ��0�ib�OS
�i�;��4_Ņ��i�Lc�?��&i���D�h*��qms�2MyV_�R�H��4W�*�����2�)�Й�VŠ�h�AK �c��{���i�Lc����xsfNQ�b�^k���yj�9O0g�fOI��1;�Yf��9�5W�Yf��xoR4+��x���6�����4t�3:���@�f�Yf>��7��o�Z�4`��@���G�i��Sf#߉1�*���h2M3i�@8+P܉�p�>\G����ᾤhH�A��{��q�pe:���U=����.��I��}�T�.e�⌆�gUO��J87..�
����U�ijE���{�r4M����p�pS�����
a���IѴ�2�n�G�+��%�i����t>�j�4�¥�((�Y�,��pB���{�#��:�?r4����
_D��甯�,`4t>��4�[�hq�2���úr٬��e�K�fC��a��R.:�٫ȟ�����=@p4|�^�N�*Ӝ��ȟ��Mi���9�|x9���YӔi�g��"�����5k�iMA����4t޳�ȟ�j�4Mzk�˚�JZ-P>��2M~��7��D���U��Fu���W���h�X�9��VU�l��ʅ: ��@q��#VF��ʁ���	���-��d�H�����>���x+�^��+ӌ`4�ّ�4� gih�e�E�%e:��EXx���=��@��2ѻ���[W�i�g��w�Y�f�uU_4�A��g��}�(0�算��e�	��ҡ���g� ��t��4G�����:"��d�%/+���ɔ�΃��4M2I��izN�[���P�����+�>�=U�|��%G�r�� �U��Η�n����^�\�[A��'�#a�|yct���{�a hEv�}�T�c
�}�,�If`g2H&�cH�Y�U���y�X��A(M3�t�G�~��>�4U��o��c��a�i^!��y���)�/%ŕi^g4�!��y��З���Ͱ�>'ݕi6�2�!)�����'�I��"��i�3�_������P.?�q�U2L��Η�P�爓�9G�ӯ��z�n�v3e:������4M�n�������Q��O�6����=+Ms���������+�O(��7�v��7�L�����Az-{����LC�	���D��Բ'�m�����Le�,�$ݟ�N���=]�d��?k�ן�_Q���h��>��nO���s�q�'�4{�2}��ݟ?�wiJ@I�ۿ�oڧ�i����ڏ!���P�����:;�оC��Ng6L�����Ǐn�3���]h�]�s+�|+�������H��E���)4t�Ŭ@a;ɔ�i�9傜�(�dS���h�I�XN.t�·��(��2M(�Ei�c�i(���C����3X��γ8(�9Ɍf-���PC�(j�|�LC�Y�#2������p��&�)��Ʌ9Y���w��ȟ[P����?���/9g�p�r�з$�4�C�EzO=�G�d��!��lR���>����?���鼇:���5h��D�f����ci�hޅci��}
��yK���AI�b�))���U�g:��CG���4��p�������oP6��e:#�J��h~��р�7g#"��Pƈ�s�tF�����5���������
D�*���wk@�$����C�"�P�H:\5b+�~tF̽ȟR��d���"n9��rR��&�߳���=��W�E�(�y����Lӎь��K��Gd%�و��|�FD�W�y(6Ŝ����	�db��Q����(�B�.]ofG����^ugU$�\��l���IYR���H�Ɍ7G��O#��i6D��Cob#i�O#��M@�/�0�6�2�-��M���W���H��=R����M:�h�I�o�B�4�H�h]lG+)�d�*؟��4M�h|G�.�W�y$��C!V��i-��V�g�yp��z����������W�U��h�%z^Dʳ� Ez��bQi�uѻ��ha�?��fT���>�����y�ivD3㯣���o��O�m1�g���s�Ɍ��Fߔ���2�P��L��γ������I��@������w?T���h��y���$��{����-z ��2����vIєw�D��è��5t�T���,NA��y�I�4r��V�:��]�����&�!�$PLp}�'G�;�w�q�H4�}F��γ���獑��>�ƺ���u���8}�{q���pw z�}muW���2e�-�����6H��p_G���t�]��K�g��Ġ7*Ms�����W�St�U�~s��	��/ }���nA?�#3v���W��1�� �i��s(���p����4t���@S5���h�Į�rP6eb?*�e��9ī���x�,����ľA�b{�i謏�������Q���4m}_�G�4�bKP��Z4(����LCg}\� �$���z40����D3b�*�����^�R�����a�b�4Z�xEL�':?�_�ڞ�{�ބZ�Hދ9�Ø��K�3b�k��O%G�c� �5v
�㇑W�br��ЙOKӘ�]@qe��D����D@�5P��'��oP���`�wT"~Z��ΈI���P���B�������e�J��t�x]����V�k�u\���3b�A�L�a�c�-� ��q����>��(�>�φ����==���$-(%'	KYAD��MQ�d��H4P$����,a��w�|z�x��]�ڜ�9���ԩ��l ����m����I�E�5��Lz[�l�U��eP�ᔈ� �:cyy�m����n=¦Y��1�i�M�43��l�U�}fUe�-��=�	�~ܶ�֬�J��Sl�Ռ���*k(�s��5ۭ:l7JN[��Q�����^�bv PGZsĪ��Z�X�]�]�
)k2�&�'M�]E�i�b9�J��vk���I�fWd1�i��ݔ=f�?uL����f-O����Q�T��'��ʚ2BCI���k��O��v����Z�͔5���EO��(he�g)�3����voG���C�U�{a�t�Zn7d#m�U�_��+��p�VZ3ʮΆ��=�5��n���D�R�M:�׼���vK�
ki�]FY3��tXCZ��.�>����vq��V�(��z�f��+��~vA��.������JĤk�tXDZ���Ŏڅ�u;���������#Q���/	��&3����\�DL��m��Fw�ja熖�	��eMv�=���I�PR��	G��M1�i�x9g(��2X6u�[Z=G���1�inҡ�&�9�5v�iݜ�Zg����Ќp��i��|��u�k/b����I���4/�`(J�C�G�nٛ�{�xn�֌�ڙ��Ӗ8k����!JĜG����k�s�%�g���Y��s�+kV	e^ȯn����n�3m�����c��~ɳ��
�0۳�f/��l͒L���^s&{�+�����5��ٻ��Қ�Y�:wk.���U˃�^�L�'�b���X,���ű���UK�lOr�%�Y;b��1�c�mUp��6���2��t�!�2����1��qpg���Y��a��NU�Q����`y��˷FK�i�?�'�9z�|������%���!+khM���]�>�K� ���Tm+���������΁*]6�#/���8I���N�eC��z���.�R�^\����v󧵯�˦��x�Tն���.��-�͵�ʚ�BC� �5���L[�{hG� l;~���\�Қ��!�OK㣵�|�vDYCs-�/ќ�+Қq(���Z�H;���{h]�M�4ӵ|.J>�N�O�ʚe�O�:Tg�5+��֣h���o�6+k���/�)�ف=|���G�1�seM�PP"ǯҚ�ػoj��Ŏr��V�P"%���1ُCIa���&���ʖ�=�����y��k�cʚ���Sm=i*a�Te�;şe�(k�	M�e,n����i�˦;����ܱ������X.CX�Ÿ�>�V���M��.�y�1β���gae�[B�Ɠf

�G�r-E��w���!_S�����/Y@YC�7�����|��o�	���-�V�Gh(y#"�9���(���`��5��A{KJ�0�5�(��}�^��`����7HC�i����ӕ5��A�%oā|�F:χ�2� ��W�P��I�&oȗ��)�����g���55���7�{xc����e�:hAנ��G�׹��!�id�t`Jo(�M��Lŭ.�y��&��֬|Em�4�[��L@��X.��0kLU3C��opˤ5sQ@��ؒ?�����_�w�7���ZlB��`�!�~>���P��-飭}(؍�SXciؿ�Hޠ�sJސלB�9�h��R?.�.4��q��'o��K�����Ҕ�Ɂ��)��b>h(y���)y#CZ�(j�c-%���j!���BC��Қ�(�J�-C�x��aeMc��I�
5-Q�5)>h�
%o��Ǜ�T�#t��%¸�ue%o�>|�'�k�k|L����U>U~$o�f���fz�� E+C7�����G�4��I��C7�w�÷���_%o\��|������h�
�5tBY��$���3���q��q�����rϧ���IiM\8.��������G�!TAE1O�h�Q��+�C�r�`�eM���v-%o���B���P)\ʇ)kJ	%o$Ik�
���P?\��ʏ���&o�kB�pm�.����Zח�7�JkH@���:�j���f�h���QOZC�a(y/\&�+)k�	%o���LE�[�g`~�9,C���^(yC����,��/­�˰�=_Jިn�F���kl����p �DY��\��ً�(���4�椨)Jސ���(����- ȟQ�P�Fup�7�[���0oyxc��k(k(y�4O�9�O��$��BQ���v�J�x��yM	�J�P�w�$�ފ)y��M7��DI:bm���4�a��&�ׅV����0؇��-��$����Ě�{�8���ʚׅ��7��|�F�����ßW�P���O��@>y��L���b��#y�f����� ���	V����=(�#y�Z�yO�](���
'�+p��V��l���ͺ�(�	�R���C� ��e�:�nօ��->���J�4(o+k�}$�c�i��0�PށJ𺲦��P��,������]h
��������Q�f],�ִ�7�1j��\�S�5ɢL(�b���7L��0F�"�mǏ����ͺX%���Wa!L���z�*k(�b�Yۥ53�\ރ���*X����2��Y��b����e���$4'E�H���
��ðR}���;�4��9��˨��&Mh(�b���j.�j��F��(k(�b9�Y_Hk"(0�MP@���ʺ��fUOe�5QS^_e���ʺ�NY�{��(xR_���PGWo����.VKk����)t�WA�>OY�ZhFz�$��j�f�ʺ�c>ʺ��3���p}9L���]����.h�IYoKkƢ`�>��}�#�����.��u1@Z��>����z;�LNYCYt�CY���ưQo����Go���!4�u�]ۢ��vҚ3�ICM��
�}x���P�EWiMШ�%d5:�Fee]PM���j4��(y�h����a�i`xi�%PP�h5��P�h���,��J���fu�v�U͍�ʚ焆�.�&u0j@3�>�6�� C�je]�u��=iR��0z�X�#�a�_�.ʆ�.���4��x����z�P�B{@���Q���mC��%(�=JP�
��Q)S�4�,���JP�;��� ?;�Z`��p�Qo(A��JP��HP%�#��J����	QC��0X��I���$C��K�EA��0�IQ�P�]'��Q�tEɰ�H��������r$:22^Aɻ��0-�fBĽj�ړ�LC�'��0�_Y3W�JP)�Yy��d���؆�xz��xzt��]V|y~��>���Bs�S�B�~,�t,��XN~$(P���>u	���ׁ��}*�t��ø}CZC��5GA>s��&��P��|�*����H(iN�r�z�#h��'���(����h�mQ�T3�c��{[rM����d��1_Pִʺ&\l���(h��|��j]�]MC�i�����2[�X���f��|lz9����qؒ?2_����XL9 4�Q�i�B��0_���X�dW֬5D9 Hk6���s�4߇���#d*.�^�O����1��S_X(�9mN�S�|��.�����������NA�|Ȋ�l>h(��-pSI�k*j�G�A��L�gT��/���hJ%�-�yE���zt:T�NP�TJ%�����U�B��Bh�@YC�$t_�RI�JkZD�A��"���`���J�!��$�w�c-uCͰ�70&�^YC�$tώRIvIkވ���ѭ0-��G7*k(���Q*�/ �J�	��dY�'X�VYC�$��M%9%�!�R�|=;�?+k(�d?��$��5�Q�-zR������BC�$g�5GPs5��g�j��h/�J�G�O%I�����e׳�lݏT�����SIL={@/ˣ�E�5����'M!�DMy�T�AC�$ױ�Zx��'b1�r,��$���n)��ڨ��T�֐�$=c�C츲���P*�U�>�5v:�.���;���/ְ����e���bgab쐲f*RQq�ӊz�l6c��;�bG�5���*noKkĎX:��݄��sʚ�b�T��V|>�i(I����uQYC�$��,�I���J�X� �uZYC�$��T��ʍ���u(n݂�V���RI��(��ȧ��A	�ԲnCmK��Te��S�$��6j�b����������M;��6��f�����T�s঒D�5/Y�JFY�>޺���T�[঒�Қ1(m�L+���A3Eh6�6&��������?Þ��Yn�{���4��x}�e껭D�[�r�|#4�J���.�NKӏ[L?���P*�|+>��cX.7���ʚ�n(�D��nc����ƶ�z[��P*	}8��X�8()b��G�xe���qq-Oe�j�i��SvX�h�P��2BC�$٥5��P%��z�+����t7�$���)J������zO[W�P*	�+P*��	H2�~@k̏T�ٔJ�_ZC�L���SmKY3Qh�x�LF�T�,G�R�f���;=��b��+���6�l���S*	�ſy��_��$�v�����g�Qh(�$,�9h_�_lM�h������RI.��J"�����vPם8=䨟�P*	i�m��P��x=���p.)krMO��ɏ�2�)냦��4�)��2����z>h(���QP*���f-'9��s�:�ʚVBC�$�g0]���%��[0�9���L%7�D^�kj�s&9{a��CYC�$��H%����|�:?�"g;�v��zLJ%���1�YsQ���	���JBw=(��{�O%��Q��8��5����7�1�j��Dw}='��JE����������������Y��_����LL�T��c�}�b��h
�ӿ�������T��5>.sS9��F�~}�$w쓷T��{�h��/Ez\�]?�^{,.[�67K�o��.�(�'�/�)�2?��@aO��]|�y��vl�'o�^ݻw���*
��wE|�W�.�߷�j5Ct��,6��j������"���z]b�12�^eJ�!�J��b�t2������]7�(��]��,8ސ�z|fd}�W~Q�	����B	��|)/�����y_8�3{uB ����(4���_{�=W��\WT}i�O"߿n�U޴����K��jm��0�zdugP�߼�XW&��ҭ��C�1���u�g'.��&N��$��z0W��Y4�x�7q�{|_T[��{��އ�%.��%�����̱������F�w��;W���d`ԟ��;�O?˕���&�3q�	|�4��!����1�Ҋ��i�_��[o��_��8��Mة�5R��`"gB���P������!ե���ߩ.�v}^��W}�w�����O�V���ު����7�ҷc��[�G��WN�q���3����
�WC���P�����}�`!�e  k�x^_��+e���(~ϺL         �  �  ��� �h �e   �x����D����$��d[�.��;\��қ �{�E@��A@:HAD)�*ҥ����Hor�U� �r33*���������|�9����wg&�7s2��h�/�����=�a�dV���������%�x~�j��?���JA#�"�'��V�jբ���u�8���雞(�7�
�H4���!/D���K�#�O�Aɭ}�e�^.��#����&Y�kЭ�߰��[�ok�i��bM��4WJ�?���#�/�;jV��o��6�/�n}�4rXj�l�'��٭��P��K>���Ɋ��O�M����q�3��[9i�����V�Uz���wVm����[~���}��}z�7M���OIO�V�N����ںW�]:5���z���D�%k�f�U�Ya��߮�f�����'��������wZ7�;%�.[5P��[]:u�>�����'����|�A}T�.'�ZE��sy
����wUks�����uz����Ϊ�V�������B�W�B�J鳶kݪm�V����t��) mT!����/�?�#��M6������k�蹱���3��L���2U*�~����HǤ��_�ʋ�V��\�p�����
;gD�g��x���������rOI��M�?�M^.߭G|�����/X𙫵���$}����Zlqy�˛�W���+�I�}l�[��պ5���m�� D����-��3��U��=�\����'Vv����Y�[F�S>9\�7y�~�z��&�M��z��D�����_'���2U�ķ.�ėN��~(�����V﷙���#_��ٳϽ����I�G����|.6$��ޞ�����!{��|o??[�������g���	���|�d7��#_FG�W�?=����~?�_>������w��+����}��/"[ױ��y2y^���3��z_����?�ڮR���%�T�U�;���}�P̩f+�*�;��@5��}�(Ce���"g�3B�5�m��s�3I�/��Ś����G�v1�9�y
8���//Ś��)��e�)�o����:�˶n�LE�6n�s![�gP���5���H��\�Q*�p� %�u4H�]UPcQGo%�|)⦎�����c]G�cWGM�X��Ф���uSG��p�
=�u�B�]�����I��Ĺ��V���oI���[�:�hĢ��IuT�M��ĺ��bWG��������:ru͞��u=	Ů�v�cQG��Iu�ꚽ�0cWG'�Xԑ/is��^��U�m�K�][�Fٔ��O{�*��U���H���(�}I�*���Z=GS�3�������ֈ�3�o����ף�5�zT�݈�Q9#�G�gĵq����f���0�st.
8/���K�﷧{�����ch�P=5:C��9�����ů��3H�i���uJ7�$����-]����i�M����X�6 6U��y]Q����%bN�3*wu���鱦z��Tq.몯��|J�5UeN宮�R�hc�Ű�X=�,6r�`�c�Q���G���_҈���b#vc��X�y,6܏y$qzIc�?�u4��:j�Ţ����H4*��F����Xl�b�c��~�#�h(i�!���=$vu��:Z�z�#�*i�z�c��1��F,����)��F����Xl�b�c��~�#�X-i�z�c��1��F,�n��ԗ���p�	p���vx�Z.��)�,3:���ydF�4�����G2��AO������s}A>b��u��=f1K����,��,�?x�����d�C Uk������������y%돟�o��y�I�2"����|�l�wp�l$�������w{��-�c�إg���tx�_����=�=}̟z:�U�����������KCI߈��˒�����/(�����^/�ޓ��7��tO7��x�>����ϵn_M�K��k���=���G�3{T�������*�̗�{މZD�w�ힿ�{���f��R�-�LI�r��Li�T�ƘgJ}�i�y�tE�Jc�3����4�c�)����L�'��1��u�#c�)�����Li�/�1ϔ��J��Li���1ϔ�����Li�o$�1ϔV�h�y��÷�Ƙg���|{i����Li��1�1ϔ9*�1�ҫrNc��eh�y�T5�1�RԍƘgJEc�3���c�)�����Li�o�1�j��2k��4�D~Lc�3��r2dǘgJ/�9i�y���eh�y��"���4�C�Fc̳b�xl���g��L����ƘgJ�}4��c�)���)v�yp�ɹh�y�t�W�ƘgJc|i�y��H�Nc�3���4��1ϔ�I�i�y��A�@c̳�Ov=xBc)��c�)}��Ec�3�}޲4��hc�)�Φ1�RXZOc�3�_��i�yp^z/��L���)�1ϔ���v�y��ћ�ƘgJ���h�y�4�ۈƘgJ���i�yp����󬺚�gu5��z����o���R�b��Y.��l�Sc�)�����:ͭ�:�Mc+��h�yV�7�X�7��_��4�Cc�3���sh�y��S�@c�3�{�c�)U�]�1�Y�b�ήŶgJ_�R��L����ƘgJe��4�u�ޣ1�R>4�Ƙ��6��L� :Hc̃~%_�1��]��1�R_Jc�Rc�)�����L��ԄƘgJɥ4���Y?x�Ʀz���L)�w#�1ϔv{��L��2�1�ڟ���ٞ)%zS��L)$�1��Z��1�YjBc�3�Rc���4�*ͥ1�RSi#�1ϔ�I�h�y��T�Lc�3���װc̳�(���(�����Li�T�ƘgJ	RSc�)M�z��,�cKc3�y4��6��g�C{9d�����η�4��'��L鎔�ƘgJ���4��{޸ �獣��y4�X{l��w��4�X[^��A��c�3�O��4��������Lc�3�q��4�b�W�i����Ƙ���1ϔr��h�y�TI�Ec�3���xc�u��b׺�4�7���ߑ����[��4�f�[�0k��a�n�i��4�Ƙg����ͧ���c��lv$̞͎�X�t�ƘgJ^I��1��5�Ƙg=��E�sI�}�}�Ƙg�w�m)�����m�Q9Db
�-�)(�R^�)(��SP�5'1��)��\A��WP�ILA1ϔ����b�SP�3��>���g)F���gJ7}LA1԰�)(�YO$LA1��}LA1��LA-�
�'3��%sE��"\A��
�WPM��j�T;���qՔ+��\A��
*WPY�����
�p�
*��SP�3�'>���g3WP��������d�)(�Y���Gf
�y�t����N�c
�y���c
�y�(SP�3��>���gJ�}LA1�1c
�y��}LA1ϔ$SP�3%�c
�y�tJb
�y�t�+�s\A����b(U�)(�AILA1ϊ1�/1��Li���+)SP����.1�<8?��z��U���ru�+�\A=�
�!WP繂:����np��+�m\A��2��^����J�
*�+�D���{7p���p��+�BSP̳�NLA1�s�)(�Ym��Xyc
j���Li���L���~��>��L)��)(���)(��q�)(�Y}�)(�YJ�)�\A��
jWP?p�WP'��:��=�)(��E�)(�Aߐ��b�)픘�b��D����c
�y�}�)(������rx9��^�1��\SP̃��c
�y��`
�y�R`
�WP��)(曬�c
�yV�1u�+��\A��
jWP[��Z��b��Fq5�+��\A�
�WP���j�T3��HLA1ϔ�JLA1�:��b�)��
�,WP���j�T7���q5�+��\A��
jWP���Z���)(�Yu��b���r5�+��������v����
�;���su�+�}\A��
jWP븂Z��Z���s��+��SP̳�SP̳�$SP̳���WP�}LA1����L�MSP�3��>���g�k��1U���,�����b�ISP̳F�����T���p՞+��\Au�
�WPu����TySP�3�r>���gJ����b�)e�1�>�������L)��)(�R�1�����c0��o��3������zb����H�������){��m��̖�|K�3[6�ؖ||�������k��P�Fޗ�H>y�#q)�#�h� D�_h�PҷΤ���$��*R�|�I�]�o���ۋ���وm%�_m?���q�ݫ���j{>·�%_� ���|Bl{�?������ܕ���|g=��K���g���='���q�ѳc����e��9�N�~���Y��Q�c������B���z��,��=�5�W4�=w���	%��eƗU_����Oc�'-�+h�6�,��|4�2[�'+�2#;�2�J���̐�Y�4�L�˞����z�{��M=1���e��y����jj�{L�̘g��>�L�/�{c��t��e��6ˌ�e#�]{�F%V&J�����1��Moc�)��6�1曬4/)e�N�Ѩg�x,���I,ˌy�@gR�@=S��=Oc�m�}Lc̳b�|,���-T��1恮���1�Y���L�U�(c���c�h��w�1ϔ�x��󬺿�cu��f���،��e&%cYfԳ�?�	�L��T�ƘgJU��4��֒F��L)�4�ƘgJ��l��y����Oc̳��������>�1�Y}29�⢞��\��/���e�]Գ����5�����4�	�L��w=�1ϔ6x���L餗͑0Ϫ�����S��}r����
;��	�L鉕����)��6b�+�3��2�+��1����f����
/Z��Cx��a�e�E��������1*˨CcC��>GRN�@c̃�R:��a�g�.��#i(y���ܗR��s�͑��s$5�IM>GRQjLc̳�F����x?;/�I>GRS���7���6p�~����H�gJ��K4�ң�qH�[�/�9�Yu�Gcu���+�˕�����e�ev�g�U�j��j����H��9�#��9��ޔ4�I>G��ϑԔ��5��P��un�9��|���4Wgu5���Hi�y�TTbs$̳�i6G��ϑ����G{1+��Hr�9�e^6G��Y��z��5�͑d�s$��I5>G2]:Dc̳��#Y��H2Jl��yV�{*�2�S�9����Ѽ��͑L�Yfx���e�@��c=yl,��9��6����9��|�$�g���,�!�d��H2��#���H�9�|�$A��3�*�|cs$s�I�#I�s$	�8g����HF�9��|�d.�#���H��9����]ۯ�\es$��I"�#I�s$��|�\>��cs$�3�<>6G��[l��y��x�Y5�e��os�͕m��6Gr�ϑ��s$7��y>Gr�ϑ��s$g��e>Gr�ϑ��s$k��J>G��ϑ��s$k�I�#I�s$�|�$�ϑ��s$��I�#I�s$7��A�ݮ��#a�K�c�y,���hL�s$*�#��9��s�H��s$o�9�7��|���#���Hj�9�Z|���#���HJ�9��|���#���H��9��|����H||�$��H"|�$��H"|��9��HNI��Y�Ƨa�!��H�,���2�˳���,�G�2�%�9�Y�/�#a�����H�g]��>��O$�
�5WP��j��p���s5�+��\A��
j4WP˸�Z��
��Vp��+�E\A%p���4���q5���ǘ��e
�y�� LAM�
j��,�15�ې�-SP�LA1�p/SP̳�k`
�y�߮���
��Vp��+�\Am�
jWP������f��6s��+��\Am�
jWPk��Z�����p��+�\A%p��TWP	\AM�
jWPS�LA1/�)��q������)��\A��
꾗)(�Y�1<6��f�SPw�LA1�z�d
�yV�"�1��
���C/SP̳���,���c0����s������c
*�T�+(�+(�+(�+(�+(�+(�+�0WPa���\A���z�+�W��*�TQ��
qU�+�8��⸂*�T!��rՐ+��\A��
�7WP����Ԉ�*�!\A�
j WP�����t����J�
jWP��J�
*�+��������t���pՄ+�r\A��
*�+�8��@[p5�TF��2r��+��\A��
*=WP����T���p��+��\A�
�WP9����Tz���s��+��UP>�e��Yf>��1��,3�g�x�Y�g����\A���\A���\A���\Ae�
*#WPɸ�J�T�+�0WPɸ�J�T2���q��+��\Ae�
*#WPY����Tz���s��+�d\A���
s�
*�T�+�0WP���*�ԫ\A��TE��*rU�+�j\A5�
�	WP��j�T���pՉ+�N\Au�
�+WP��������Fp5�+��\AM�
j"WPy��D�e6�g�M�Yf�%���g��0u�g��Yf�x��.�)(�Y�rLAm�
jWP[��e��+�\A��
jWPǸ�:�T"WP�\A%r���a��s��+��\Am�
jWP[��������pu�+��\A%r���1���quX����/׌�c
���,���r�y����f^n3WsG��c

�E���S#>�F|\���1���ILA1�R��+�=\A��
jWP{�������su��
jWP[��������H,�L&s��s8���Ƒ������5^Ky^��o.�qk��?�zY���oy�x�3��8+��B�ڙR�}e��	����L���9����{~&�v���L����g�m�=?l����`��6~6����g�7�`�f�՗��C|�����O]��?�e\9���=�)�_�S�:�����;�>�z�r�+���`G˞g~����s��-a]Q3�d����i�`9�$��J��v�3�E��t��65�yl�c�|�4�T����"� L�(F@�f�&rFSM��@R5Aő(Md���2�4MP1T��y(%�4���늦)���1�m�����4s��c�1��:�4����>i�4�Mb*k����$X���ntL��Y(��C˕�h�0�Z����>pL�-T֣�>tS9�.	�|o�#�4W��� ��S��g���sLs���C�C��7�";|�:��(]颼��RR*o
����@4l�4u�4J{%�2P	@�x�i:P��`�8��x��P�(���L�4�� |�ç�c��Jze�RX����̅���b�g
����f��Q�4+���6%�0� �����1�JAe�RF٩4S�+5�i��w���vE�RO9�4Tn*�De��}� x4���#Ө�H�����j�Q�]���͎iҪ��:HI��V
���i��a�E�yU�4ԥʋ�
 ɤ��������Z��|6:��l��j3u�0Ms8lG�L��	�4-��jou�:N�6^���g>|�:���H"����L�f,�3�7��ftLcX$�u��!�_8>�,���Z�6�0�~�~�y���cg4�@�V��T��	���P�g�4O�CJ�B����xa���'�/;�7;�������n�GP����д��'ug4�5��J+m �������3Px"�,��ok-꣥C��r?���I��
��}�x���vE��ݒ�k���-L3��lk8���@0A[ ���f��0�|�������f��H^��h�VҊ��M@�(�hnƶvi��7ZEtR��Niq�4�b��nhi��%����+�ᖺ4qP8�,q܋-�>GN��[\����&ض�i��e�^NN�7�s�5�i�Eq(\�M���Mo)������}O#����z)�W��}e�{>Q��@�
���1M=��H/&w�[�����u�6PT��3�~�f�^O�7�G�3�����4Á�3^�f�>I��ϒW��z�0�4�(�����3�z $�VZ�W�Y	����1�*�My�^K�I��ۭ�"܋w�:��֚�rF�~���K��|����4�(M���U��|���>�*L�+�|4�\��Q��`��8ؼ�i2�Ӿ ��˄��Eq:�^�(R@�`�;�)�_�3��@2L��	�T��Px �}�i��mr[�C���'L�(�AK-��/�9�y��8"/��}��7���3�o�c�^�f>�[�f�/�9���(P`(�����5���4�5�L����4� �#n��R�׀����̑��'�.7$��1��F��P�=���t'��Ƥ�O�ɣ���4�a���l�Ck��d%���>(��V0�`��9_���$�x4��E��n��|%L� ;�������d%ɭ|G�	���!���9���"/+�HA� )��"��i���s[s�`�wL�3)uR\9K�*�n�9_��Bk��pCs�|��#��آ2d��:Y���|jf#��(��VU8�k`�:��ddW�F5��T-f���U�е��sLcd5��%�j��0Mq��a�À��1Mu��Z���1f�m��ij�:l�Yf�h�SԚ�t��qSh\�i�á?rIs(n�	� �ca��@�Ω�`:�dL���b��(|�O�&@��K��7'���-��i�I�O� ��c��"9a\E_����m(��]��=y
���@��F��pA��c5p_Nx,��;]�慀=�T�b��~iӀd�\)����h\��Q-n4C�@= i.7�+2�T��@O������| �d�{���V
���;�w�/��4�����h	��0MJ3�8�4c|�m}�#}���i��@��UK�	��́�Z�,�of�^| lw�4����7:��-�i�E�����wLclt��f����i�l��ly�W�s���N>����G�ٲG@a-��#��rL	�ѓ�����(k0�0M(�Ei�eӤfCi�%P�`iT8�S�&Pơ���N�@��>a�@�=�6�c��A	�P���^�p/�Mi��7-�Ѵ� 7^��=h XQ����
��k�i�o˝����hj0�pK�@r�h��c�ʡP�PV�f�2j*!LS� E?�SӴ�Fo�*���q�Oh�0M���'�~��hR��p�
H���E�C_
���{@��M��h\h����} L3�b�y�i&�&��1�-u���:@q�`�4CѺ� ��P}a��Hkeu��%�9&�&�`�-�ʍ�2	�$�e�.u~g�D)Q��Tx�0M��\���D��sQ�p����"����̱�}3��Y�ތ`�u	����`�9��l�:J�H5a�V{�x؏�􋼩���SD&*#��i��`�Xv�c�ёw�a���O"ӕ��a��#v��6���̏�Q&G>VEV*�"s�i>�ur�=�4["�*�E�)�"ו#���4[�bP\wE�5r(�+W�^�Bk���4���|��rd�r��z��c���4ˀ"�\uL�5W�v�甔���4�i���sEc����yY�l^P2��iRE_��`�M���"L�۴Gh����1M�9P)c�U�]�JfKa�r@�(�M7#��̦J���ΌWژ��i���a4��i��͔.P/��FJ��0MW�x(f�n��ͪ���2�̭�63�� �����뎟of���j�,�������*��~�,�Q�iV�}�HΘ��3�0ͷ@a-�������1S�fn�]1Ma��@�E��1�Y��gfDFTB�_�G�Q�̮h���SB�hF�!�R�n�8�_sE��F�/��џ�,�D��DijEݼ�P$zT��$��ޗ�F�	���P��+�W�����r��V�ft�0Mu�x
��c����I$����a�4퀢 �v�c���@2N�-�5a�w�v^�������"�HE��&G���'Q����rL�&G�G�_Dk	��"��,�+�8�7_Dk�6�f�xt�0M��pP���Q���Ei���W�+y���Y� |����c��J.��RB���VJ+/Ӽ
���	>q�i**���P'-����B��}w^�ޅvLsS�����ƺ_��v|��z���@���Q[��՞�N��󪽶@rW���~��PO(���b�����P`"Pt�yϷ4��V:��(���ԡ4��.vL�����¿P��_���O�y��L���!�O�^f)C����w�i�@�i@���P �H>����?O��cJ��#�-�9|�_4����W�i�����WWod��Փ�T��)���0�m(�h2h�V�us׿Tѵ��K�P�h��it�(��}�1�E`��j(/k��i� 
k���`G:��[ح�wP_--XqS����li��7�_}��'���+��z>��W���
�w�L5��\�k��r[�E��PHPx2v��h[\7鍜p,�������[�s���)��o	��ۂO
?�o����p�VΗ8�|�/�t�	��T��x(\��{0/���![o���dx���3�+��rD1r��.|�� ��P8]��!�i~3��O% 
���t��K��u��9�MjA��^��6�g�oE}W�~%�}����J)�Ax�#LcR��~7sw)���,������/Ls�Y�i\��vז�����T�yE�ߜ�9mɂn2�.
����P$AO~�s�ݠ=;�9ط�L�DC�����VhY��0�GA�z�+������̋>f�y1dg�U��1M��i9}�\8�U	�(�V�1��q�Rʈ�r�ˡz�I��0����a7�~�p%�	�D)��o"JS/lg؍ t�*n���>L����_>Ç�}kͅ����Ï�Q@�Ό>���@�(N�ݜS߄s�U��hw�:?�����7��DR�{�Ȉ�C/G���{}�b`?qLc��(cd"z%2Z��e�x(���☦Hd$����E֢��E�4#M��P�[��=|��I�i�TV���L�0�2zg8	����̄V��7�(1XN��O���fpL��"(](*�w���כ��Z��՝�V�"�j��p}����R@�+�v��\&��B��*j_��3�3� vL3�=��^8�����-�F�~߂-�fy89�΂ֆ���aq=u���zS�1����v�8�"Y�o@&J��30l(��`nt=X�]Nt/�F���X?��R�M���`j$�r�ԡ�(2�iv Mv�����+X}��n@���z��&l�yx���nx�8	Ow�E��s���ɀ�ծ�D=����x{u�g@1{;+,�5�q���x@�{,Z�m�� PL[�8^�&��������dr �_���)���L�#Cq��@	2����iK}�fr ?Y(L���E��-u��MZ8GK:�yx�܁���WI�`6ẑ�"������c�p0+	K�,��$kh�P��]�d�,@�*м�|ֵv��UK�$�EI�`Z�z0(LS(�B/�6�c�*� iLG�u�2��p/nBiƂM阦K�n$�_09�
�M�O��} �}J�!h���h���	AL>�"+��p��
�|?�6�i�A���d]�1��#L�����]Ѭ�"�������}���4�Yjv���~�1?_#w�����K�4g)�	�;��LO��*J����4(M6W42����P!O��4��MS�z�1MZ x!T��!B�-�%d��-�&G()*@��ґR��0ͫ������
ŋ��O�PVa�Z!��4l�4B�I�PA�V�!�&L3�R,;�1��PK2&ԇ�
 �Bm�i�@�.�|�+���da�?��DV��,�4?���
+�d72Q��B��6�-�iC���PO�Ch5�Z"Ls�z{v��v�N�Ϣ�'�B����V�$��0�/X ;O4_8�y�Bۈ�N���4jئ)�W�sF��-$cx�^-L�(V�Ϋ�=�&_x-y)�)��T������[��)�G*��'�I��la�ׁ�=��U�5Cxi$��}I�pWa�f�f�AdPx(�,L�3l�瀅�BF�����dR��0���;O�x�pLs7Gn�+�2����4f�V0e"n�o�E2�l�|�dD%9#���Tv��4�����{�X����*LS��tqU7u#�p��C\/��t�dn���\ ��׈}�rFs,2��L%�"s���8a�#�����xv9���H~�� �F� ��F��6�,��g ���iTs��A��	�K�F���W��rL���I��?���I���Z�&=�yӴ��uF�h��?��Ϥ���0M!�~�hc�c�����y��7ϑ�^a�7(MW4��>�t��c@�(6��'�j�v�>�����Y�����t�|3��ɇЋg��
�L �Ű�h>���g&���V���0�|�xv~��[�͕d3��!s��Di��n�{���s�ޜM��(�!Ӿ3HQ�'�4?�c�)s.�k�#�����K��̗2�nn�}s	D�t�0�S�i;�43�x�cI��G$g�Im!Lsٿ-��_�t-���
�S�>᧭=�=k�oT�1���V�;�+���?P2	�X���~�c�Jf|V�$_␺M��7�Y]�gR��:Q�&h�/�Y���&�:�Wg�B�G8�:D�&����c����Y��_Uo��5a�ⴅ:��)�^�������3����Ai�U�d.4S��F�9�]��{���i��a��TW4�x��u!~W�%L3��,�;�}���hu9NPW��a���b�+�)�|�D]��Tk��*L�j�n�-�f���P��_T'�a��)�
�sLsE}��R�����5a�pX(���_�r8B���75-�_�Q?�Q���nZ*�?�5Z��_����y
d��`+9���ώ3�K�b�
��?�0M%��R���wL��o���������/ L3
��� ؆�i�C_��7�F����0�z�_.�}�1�>E��_������i�A��@�����w��	����K�c��9\�g�F�6P���f����7�i�h�pI���m�oi�ij�2����'
m��mǝ�+�]�'a����{��lر����]��x����0ͻ@qh>���g4�E򉖃,�^֚iv���`;8�Y��'kY�r�9١��Y���']Ѭ�j�/�6�{�:٭���Ai���*9��"����0M"������1�M�49�U%w�x���	�����\|��#�%��}H
�1���4�n���1.��Izb��I}$ɯ��I�ۿ�X�X�49�x�CCJ���P?¿"�۳d�]�Ma���!-����.~NU��kp?���T�K��뤷����S
Ӵ������fw>��GI�����S�wt�ۀf��Ε����O���1�D�B�f�9��c��v�9��������l�4W���f��o��#�/��~F�� P
/vCsZ�~�ׯ�_���ߩ��
��蝆�������8��9�ۙ�Vv���j��|���qZ�-	�X��l�iK��|&7ه�H]��7��#�x����Zi�+���+�H��g�8�����=
ie�����D��H"�J�D|L4�a��7gxV�No\Ņ�;�5�0Mn�>�n�T��g��+��7Ӕ5l=6���k�7\��ֆI�ǀ��a�/�6�d�u3d�� ��Q��4��S]{1�%�k@Q��0��#�����[�(47c{������7ʃ--Ls�҄�[�i~5^��*����z�4���&Pd�N�iP��q��[8M��0M `Ӽ�׀sF�1� ��q��{�h`�0�1��( �����|<0_d'r0��9��`���(߁���s�1�I>����;���-�a�
���8/"�-����Dnr
!gC�pI���^�)��\��`'8���2�b(;����H�W��@1�MM4 �A�q��G��i�P���rL3 5��P;Mœ�xa�@1(#7c��qx��6���Ra������^��M��D��j��A���Q���~o��6�/Dk�6��E�#&[��[r�%MJ�HK����XZJR��z@!8�b��ʯ�(M^�8 4M�_�ҝ�U��)W�Z�E��rP���7@PC���W.��C�4�)���}�4]��zK��Zl�rF��Z'z7P�vE�K�Y��ѧ+����^a�Q�f=س�i>T��'C�,�%�a���R�W���1�g@�\9��TN�[���i����s`pL�I٩�|�����:a�Ū�G��&��7����v�>��_����~q4�������¸��4n�O�+�a��P P�[�1�[�ܸ���/�ߍA���ձ�殮��������z���� �*��Si���kM��� qH���Px�j�84���i^P����T~%Q���7s]��h��/�������\�c�)���q|]��e����4O(M.W42��$3��S���4Ql�Ж��u�9m��$��O8������l������>���⥸>����4�`�y�[W�pV2� �q)�g~J�A���gs>z���p"��S���.���3\�O�~�_�c���^��v��HW��އ��s�7�A����H�{���2o$K�2I��X�>�ꅸ����{�L�3��"Äi�P�p�v�U�>F&�kd'����4^�X�7�&����"�q�6~��ľ#%nV�y���A$)H
��MUbgs���qLӈ� �I;҅t$�Hma�+�n�Ԯ��-�?"{p����%�-5°s!׀=��I�؆���2c�c��}�1����Z7כW�p��X�Z`1��)L�(�ŉ��q���%xk`>��w&	ӌ�Yd��nF���[�O�}Ȋp�4,��6��
��_nF��dwX��ju��pAr2\��W$��q�4���Zd9]�x#EH8R�d� )"�i�Dl��7�t�d%u#yH�� 24�S�fHľ� ;��ʯ��d|d�N�G��,�4�"���(ҕ���KvG��@$�K@�o
��/�:�6�;��^�B�9���D�f����-�Zj��TJ���|��4��fsh�G�7�˃��|}�h3�:ڙ䋎&����i� �۰�nQ79�U��:���� ���8է4�\�M{ h$}��Ƞhoa�����KFF�
�L��9I{�n�>��NVF��ї��h*a��Q;��Z��y~��h��f!�@�/*�_�+j�7r�R����>c��7�G����f�����@ޏ6&��0��0M������Փh��4\*��l�����D�S��a�)�����3v�M�~���(L��ҜuE�	v �@t�DiNұPk2�Y���c|��	NM����K�^k�R����򒌠���R�$����{��
�{�AN���!g�SᖺKi2�j�'X�JM��D�����F���Қ�|��Z��6�������u����YO�����io�"@RU�+j�i�S]�K�>��bf`���}~!0%�-�V�xJ���;�Y�?�����lÿ�Փ�C�>o����t��.�������x�.��v� �.��H�E
��yq��vrLs(��
�Cw��ѥ�k�4�"PaCe�4W��ѝ`E�C���!�K�@�E��]G�h��4VN{y�Y*;�y�{�*(�%5��,�{X��}�U��$tLGJ�Y��k��\���������	�)M�
�M�&�����v~Cw'�e��v�c�#jV�k5�rLm��S[�X�X�M�����ϧ��W2��U��G+%���i��O�Ec��Ӕ�R
��+o�7(���i����P����Mc�P�C�ɝH�O�
�b�>f��]Y��u7g4��P����\H�.L�(V@�`9���/ri�W���E~]Y'LS��X��}�1M]e�\E�*�TNȝ���4̀�;�Wk;��M��B9.�VT4L�
�z����c�a��z)
��D����4�5�P���1�T����@�*=�r��0��h����f��}��D[���K��0���i=e�v�c�o��h��Pf��ʇ�4VF�0����2	%*��-�W��4��7P���3��@p[� i�`�Q{���+�`�7z���������0����l�(
��c��"ɡ�BE��i��aE5���P�����(LS�P�Q�{g4U�3��z�T�+��4�O���k�n�iZ���:jv�#�t��6�I�h�E/�me��A�6��- ���f��L���U�%�O�W�i��-s�vkEG�43Ղ����A-��Qs�,�����ӬV�(��䠚O�V�(Lc峷
�ߍ�9��+�����rOm'Ls�Ҥ����#�3�I��G1��i4(�(��&
 ����V�+�@�]@1�o�}9���߭��W��(C���i��'�W4�`�|��^���V�f�k�&:�y߿O��?���/P�g	�̇�,� v�c�������E���9����4��t�Q�`�wL󣿿r�?Z��?^��,Ls	
԰Ƒ574W�Ô������D�ju�i�R�,@�cC��HZS%��Wɨ�-L�\��ݯ��yQ묤�(��J��0MN�~��&��i�M��Rl��0MiJ�AssgxSk���:i�V�h=�i�k��� ��Ӵ������6T����bͮŇ��'����U�k�(�Š[����`9��uS>�^���V���?[��޲��'g4ӵ�@�F٦UTVi%�iVP��U.�l֊+k�ו�Z�!��0�7@�(n��٭UR�j5��Z�'-�0���/�5UkE�4����5-NA�CtO�+�|��@�h�Ο���ȫ?E)�{(�_�!@qh����E�Hr�7QV�gak�U@�:�ێi2�P>�:��oC����4�X��E3�;����V�D��郅iޤ4=��wLSO���c�[�8�Y(Lc�C� (ƺ�i������h�zGo"Lӟ����c��zC4Do����4��0�D�h�]�L�O�.�s�-�Lo,Lc�CZ(��nr� �J�#�T_�5�i�R��h��kE3t�NǠ��-�lg�4'�n~�V��wBwb@c��(L�n�����-
�|ȇ��($��-�+%vLcX$Y�9�/tL�ߑ�b	�*��
���'P�����@PH*�(��ᖲ~��l�8眥�PMA�]�	�*\7�������9�������o�����4ݬ��d;+x�c�x������1�h
/;�1�{x�<	���w�9��0�L���w��f6�./��/qKy�/L�����n��嵸���ԉ���@G(|��^��|Z��#�Ý�i�P�U�5��|��� ����hY!�u�DI9%�-�!U���0M1k�c�~���c�
��\����.rc�B�EnR3����1M�\�Oޖ�&]�1�iGi��D�;��4��^����h�0����Ջ��-]�f�� �S��,����4�a�ӡ�f��8��C��By�J�@6�X���
{�1��Q^J���"����Ga�/`��C�K`�;���Dy'�(�@~�ϒK�4�a���������G �C$�����A�'��@���'w�{ćCFC�6MN�Ζwx-6�ˊ�D~�ȍ�Y��D��걥[W9�Z��F�ߨ�JՄi�5>�|��`�9�yͨ�
�Qe��m���́���fĤ���ntF͌1�-�]a�&��Y7�p3������Pc+b���Y����i�hz�b�ؘ���ӌ�x�Xv�c�q�4��-3��F/a�Y���7�����>e��Ah�����J�f�a�����c��F-��h����1C|4iP��_��pLs���~4��FQt���9GiH��K����Q=�V�U�i��V.$дsL�� O�>Jh�^+�	u���Ӥ	�C�mQ�@{�/�@�&+P��7��똦P���R*����y-`��6�hJ���Q��ۨ~@�>U;`�C�?`��:�هVj��*�N�R�4)�Ā}tF�#�*���F��1�2�4���4P|F��3��"���f*	�|�bk��{:��4�����F������@�(��d��@+cЮ�$�/0\�櫀}��v�c��@�H~
|����9Ai������,��{1����&�,tL�$0�	|�p�S�,8M��S�"���g���@p�\���i^��@Q�z�4ـ ��E%��	�ڿc��M��"T:���BU��o�T��@��\�4o'��@�)8�����A{�n�ɎiZG��@2,��v��Mif�s�%������Ip�0͸��%�]�LAS�n�ǣE�A�4s����������Ю`�9�F�fc��8t�|�=���JvDǂ��QH@QlJ���!?z1��Q��O�&;@�`M�4y�� �T	i�B���V)��ۃŎiʆ�o�T�&tMn�Y��N@�`o:m:-�ݐ{�.��Da����'�췏��~��ɄЏ����CC���b��ӌ�'�g���X�'���G�|Z/��W�˛C_�|�P�8ػ�i��v�+C�]����Ea��!p
ߠ��+����{B��Ct�pf&=�P�F�g���ȧCO�{�dH
���q~����n�x��k(�H�$J~E�F��@�&.���2(G���'L���v��KN �$�ÕP�p1a��a{ř&�h�����ከA�0�ϔz#l����Yq�"�H��3�v��4�(͘�=�p��p
�!�	
�D��/
����@1lU�4#�/�������hfX|4�}�x������~}����뢕a��a{�f_��X�*����p�;\[�fK�/>���p-�HN���Õ�i�{���7��D
 %R���^���p�"b��7���"�P���(o�=*�/��L�S$��tD�G������4e#����5�3�j�V��4�@m"o�4��:|p��(d; i釺G&�w"#�iގ�#m���f`d�y���AF�
ӌ���}K�q>*Y�FG֢���(�0�t��
(�{���@d�9�6F��M���4+#��s"��i�A}��B{#gѱ�qa�ݔ�+��@pH�ѹ��i�X
~�MK��|�nD"dnD"��ܣ4��c�\�F6����1��	 �v�(��c��@`�d5O���Aa��@�(*�=�&�y �0O�R�YT�EoW4u�s��yu3/����i�R�q��+��h����4Լ��C�	�r3P��y��������`�L3o���O�4���;����#�4�e^Ck�D��-�_��M@q�֑3��"��܍�2��l�4��u��2�C?�{�)s�0�1Ӟ�{B[��@��-��܊n�+�i�EPD��5��M x D��R�Fg���6MvW4! P�$mt���T@����tE�>�9�݊�E7�"��♙@�)Pԋڽ١���zt�] LS(>��`�9���Ռ�F���Q����4�)�0��Ӵ��OQ��J4��33i/��M���L�.C�Gg	ӌ�ڙ.����1���4Ω%�OМ�a�J����iEǡ��ihst.�"*>;�6jσ[�/uLcX$���:��柬�{Y��F��\�=�j��E;��Z���	�x\H��h���1X���~�+qJs�1��\������}�GQ�} _Rvg��L��J �`�!Ԡ��H��p��E��E0TBG���� H�W��x*��* ��{��̃z�g�!���]f�����g���yP������hx��|��(	g�q�Z1�Z�p��|F�*�j,�5cX{TZc↣��]��(V��`q��j�LVs���j
k|��n����:+ゆV��EG�< ����MzL�[�^9~PX�o�o�I� |��Ik��*���nִ6VC���y���7�k��>���7sCm��P�>Ԟ�5en|�{7�����f8샾p��E�
g���	�}�rJB�,���-��`�7�{KHkpM��NFӌ@�PoE��S�%�5�v2�r,��53��a"��\okX�M���**�"��oc��m��`����f*��mG�u(��M��$x�[_Z������ǅ5{��-�|�mx����',�5'�5�c�\�փK�G�5����o(����ﰅ"}��&�����t�+|�0��zP�(_YiM�gk(C�������D�c�x���$}+|ڊ��eaM<
j�jAk_mx�#�I�u3�QݴBM��X?������5�!�MX3�W��ba��#L��P25��i���`����K�����q�%,S�5�Q������|�ǩS\�8���9��r��.֓��*>m+T�����$���
~��'�5�b�jb�KXC� Jb��PU����\��HS5��I@M4u���:j�ƨi���JW����d|@3T�;��$�t�QJ�4�֤r�,,;kF�`���*�`��BZ3�k^vT7�Q3�%�g�-E��t�Ñ��qX���Mi k�8iM.׼�ea�f�lR�A%�R��Dw+��%����@�!��R��Ǌ��(%��{�[��s?|�ԇ�J]��T��|�5~����'�\P�!L���,�������ZSmW(�R��5CZC���P�@9�rj:�U�Cu�U�Kk���k�QX���A�:���0End�O�L7,_���0@}2�a���\���f"j2P35s]�̤|Tlt�RY��V�A��+�'K_�k(C|��f
^A�u�V���l�W-����(�WB���SgIk�p�e,�	kN��8��W���HVs��g(C\\s_�ģ��ՙҚx�)����( ɟ�,j�X�djT����MfP���6�f�#�$iME��q�1���4�j� A[ -5�^\�k8�$��%Jzc�e�����e����Nwl����0��`���kұ��2a��
fiK�5�!NG�U�4ӵ�0S˅eګ�ǖ��E���r��f)
�h+�X7[��Қ�|dS��*a�k�ي�rD[oi�Қ�\s���(8��O������C�>Z��r���4
>���5m=\זJk.pe� �����K؋#�8�ሴ�2����O\��A x�C���Қ(��&e��'���^��1�{�5�!�:�3�kH@�8ɐ/�i�5�iRP���Tv�n��`���k��3��a܁�X�j���k�S�u�O�I���� l=ܕ�Pj�m��[ia	V���$���ZZ;��S�VJ��vC)vʲ���4�k�R�Mj�eI����Yw��t�ʂ�#�酇���j��X��f(_���h����f���ʂ���G+��`}�a��Jv泋�c*��k�(����f;���g����]ieAӾ�W�3�(x�}�Cp���P4���ˣø�9���ۜf�����,��5m$�%7�N��6Jk��ʂ�#>C����t}7�&iM$_�W]��s�3�oS�	��PQ_+�)�5�i*��"J꣨�.�R��R�����!
�뻠��:�IkZs�XG��(耒�(�B��㚙��s���sS�|����P%��׉.u��}LяA���]X�:���-��7�z,@�F�ɹ�:i�?vޱ��@�'|�-tM_��yҚ�\��ra�%=.����X��i�m��h8���Yf,�(�U(c���P�1��Pޱ�lRi�D�cF.��5�w� )�}��oW��:JZ[��������h�u_c5�1��8#�]Ќ��i�Q35�P3��4���a�fj2���;a�!d��a��c�#�Rc�2�!�X[��J����$��3����w�up̐��;�5i�A�1��E_�LV�	o)J�,�!������BK]�J�7wPp�3�!dʟSn-iƙ��*��-s-t5w�(s1�[j�i�ʭ�7�P0��S�u��)ߋ3��rk�g���`
Jr���������5�i�&5Q���j���Z�3ѭ�Rk�\�m�#�>i�N>�(�V|.�-s�3��I�|j�����,OkH�!J.���)?cr����w�֐�J"���Z'�5wQ�!*b,'�I����$ʺ
��W�J���F�4�PRƺ��+o�[ZS�k(a����(��.C+�&��.Hk(a�[��Åg!I����V1����F�0}ߎ�}�(臒�V$˰~��P���ɱ�|�A�t�̶�͵�Hk������?��g݅�,���J�5����0L�zP�peaM����֟�v��e���P�pq�b�U�5�(x݊aǭʬ�����0�|�HS����
5�\�|�5�0\UXs5gQsˊew�︑0L��/���L��w�� *�0;ax��&�����e��{Hk(a�;���kHP%M��X����������sT7Q��?��DUG[iM;��y&%�?�$�oÆ��5Or%w֌�7f#P2�ߞ���[����0�YX3S�)l��[�o!������N�&�!I6����?IZC	í��0,�o��`��;�}�0��+	��NSG��G�G8�>wa����7��)�9��Op����-����P���5$��50�i�>�J_�#�/�׍/ЛA`8+x��	��(}���/�5K��J�T�0Ё�ZJk(}��7��,���h���Ē)�M@~�ׂk(}���&mQ2�&5�LZӓk�a�WX3���_��h�&�${�.���1��ј�����q�& ����e��t�Y�����;0��ȟ�m�uC���G��D`+p���r���4'PP���(�ƅ�����/O�\�dgCح�x*����%J_�_aM��v%ŃYTp���җISǑ�8
�PR#8�UC��ˤi�HS�P�E-\�J_��Q���(���zӤ5����ӗ���DA��T6:8���:r#}9���˙Lٔ��O_�`Ϣdi0�-�s#}��@w:��E�Y������hi�/�cv��d&���ּ�5�yo�	�g�Qt:8�}��$��u��5�Qs5?����e:NQ��Xa�U����d��05$Ԥ�e���rr'���J��,:�QZ��}&J���5�Q@���ެ^����&�P�r?aM��a�C}YJH�,�җi��җ��3$��#���P���1��5��,��aX�5��2B�lJ����җi�d�#�DL	=�r�7���BR�1��9��[j��a�j���Kk(�����5$ �I�3��Kk�b!�t��on��U����r\CW�__��ʨid�S~�3]Ś�@�v�i��DsO������{I�-��
k*x�b���{C���V����^X�k�{��ꢨ�7z��':�g�&�w���K�	�.0��f��3�fp�z,������L_
,���\_'i�b�Ӷϑf
r}�a�O������������0��y)��ǣ�{��Wg�Z�8�6����_��YKE�3Z�z���{#)lM�����_�:��E�=��F���2����u7�T�tMOD1��0���]���ʎ�R�o�J�?qЀ��1#G=�.�<1�rxK���OB�{�z���^��,����a�u�yA���]Ej5V�Z�%�6�u7��y���)�.y�����.��12���]��L�5�u|ǫ��d��7��Qjo�d�g��z����U�w{�7�m���N�4�m���������tEݧƩ���5���a�V�qn����7�o���t%~_O����{T�y%�zZ�'�z���R�o� �'=m@��eу��ƤU�m����z�y���)��z��zE�_}��p���?�J�Ҥ��*�b���};q[��,�y�Av��(��/�S�Z�j��zLx�':��>�������z���c�gq���#���c��qG�|8�q[��-U�5�u��&�{Y�c?*!� ��Z,N��o{͢���e'Χ[���ץX��b��մ^����X>HW��j�4�?_�Q���D��R�Z���hm�������3ƋVG��8f_E�=�I�.�ͺ���{S�PooZ,,�B�������7���c��tn��Qx~���߫���������`!�Y  HyՋE���:���=phbV          �  �  ��� �h '   �x�͜	tU��_W��j魚Mph�"(�BHP4,���'�D`*�$�� 3�(�3.#B�"%���$�
F�#2�@�	#̭�B��U��;�뜗�]������U��ow�q���!D�0dނк?j�N�� j�Mk��7��z�h	��-�]"���77�rKE��֝>}3
C�E��_��V����q﹚^x�-	G{�HCX�y��T��&}����h�pt�i=�p�r�96��#5=�Z�F٣��Z�iZ+�yn�cS�b�	A&���s����ֱ��ew�pF���J[O��=H��'%t��s�Sot���]XjZ'5C7G�^�&m��js��l����Vm؏�Xϕ�G.�&��6�ʃ�A쭴���#p��O�o��Y4hɢ�_~��U��{���6���᫚�^[���o��h���sNNZ�͗�_�9��d?75����4�o,7�����,���-áW7.�[�۰#��[���q�PJ8�xt	l�"�Ұ��?xͽ�$r�m����q��H$2x�艓"E�[RvwQid�%w�Oid�C��s�32���Z#�?���^+t�*z�Z~�	s�y�'ꁺ�D�{tI����YK.���ң�o������ee0��lHo՚�%kWڲe˙��{f�0���+�r��Zi��g��G�����6G�X�>�3r�Ri�+ɐ��9�;#���U��"�̜�od�F.K��O-��y8�4F�d�E�"g䱤Ҹ�$C��-�d�\�+�r�y�l�+eg�r��l�|�]��w�&�jM{R���V�J��?v�\nѰ����rA�V�l�˛��bo��c�	|�:C�,�"'��gy?+uAg��:[�N&.da���l\G�\�����.�� �(!��L!�i�:�I#y������)�א�4y��)#�]��Y�t
�)d�:���Ɠש��tt��k�6t�(��ŅyU�J]�٧�c���O��Z����Q+�Xtv�CX�:=�.�i.̫�*���f�q��:���������l����;��t����!tF���|.̫���qt:����4�����q��l�:�v�΁�u� >��}�|�:��W�VA���>����^�N��jNC��L��.�l	��]й��?��xc=��hI����Al����ݼ������
)�5�4q� ('Cl���R���f�$�W �;��R|�٬ ���
`"r�R.�W ���
�I�� &"��R|�٬ ���
`"�\�� :#�@�_LDN˥�
�3�Y4���D䱤\�� :#�@�_LD.��R|�ٜILr|0y�\.�W ��ڣ9����6簰Vi��$Mds�LsHNՒ�=͉�$�v�Ȫ��i�8�yl�a��8U{��{S��I����T-���71���9%ױT����G(�PqJ��jw*��êE>�:%QS���8y�n���Nɕz�6K'��[�~��v�T�"�8���E�	8%��j���9!�Fq��@��
�R%	�E��+�g�x�����H��Z��=Fb��\�zz�,-q�2�~i���	_�)�� �4�-�Zsj"�@�t��}?ᝏ��V
s+�7x�!�����;��7�W�^�s���=�x��}��ڻ�ʟ�,�}a�%��]�̓x�7Xir�&³���
�� �o!�h�;S�?
������want�	�>��$1w��%���X'�⟄�o��-;�`]�5�0އK�߄���chۡ���
�������wx�D���6A�
c���d��vdnKꄹ����\��ۑl�A�CRȃ$HD��ҡm��e�[B��҅ԒL��t� VGhm�m�Jܵ$B��B��v�Vgh��}�7@��f��i	CGso��[�q�Qt8ɧ��K��k�B��xe�S��S6���r������O��t�0�G�N�H���ߑӹ�Z���w�����[�{�hb�����}J�e��RƩ(�)��?���g�.f��qv����	���7���=��}�'ҏ������� ���[ 1�%��4����y/6�_�s��:�؊��3�L�N��C\��/��MT�q���~���\�ow��A�����F�/U�`W)��\e��l~}R��x�omlWS��t����Vz��J7an}��>��6ƻX��T�A=I��c�܋�w�3!V���R�ҋ�S�~u���-����Bs���{�)�(V����l��:Q���(t��㾫���꣬�vh�0W��`������iA�Yk�ʴed��Xx�,�ǀ[�6ޏ����D�!ok�d�6W��2�m�#Tbc?ڠ����=Ow��96��>�����H��ܦ�?��-�Z�3lp����(�֧�Z�A��.ҭc:ŇP'ەɪ֧��z;F}~���(pt	�+lp=>�5���l6��E�;x:tz�&�F`�
�*��'1ާb�SKmp����Y_'v�w?;�+����t��6�����~�x������^��	�w������������1?����	sg�y��;�9��?���K1��?R�8x�o �x������� ����	����f��避�遏���a�dX�x{lr�k60wj�g�*an}���}���d��x�G��<5�_��x{�W	�j%1�d��	�+�G��*���u^��6���P&���$���a����x�Bpk��Y�Hy?8Q	��TRB�su�m^�Mn�P��.�[�7�5�M�����Q��:e0�V�	�]��x;���@HUmOk0��U�q\�{�?���lpu`q`�0ڨ����rg���s����m�1C�e��B��ov�|/�9�U����3�)�"K�3�i��@j2���"���x�q�'C��,���9�2X2���E^O��ߧU�4�rb�Wg�WH���$C~[�������*�Y��ܟ���Υ����3�Z&7V�-OڥR[g%�s��5.p��'>P���k��d=#8C�ѳ��Pw��V�S���m�wnǏ�3H��c�NO���Q��'5r�ݢX�z8���$溣Bn9�#��I�'�fn;*a��Gi�ԅ��h
��p���I��mG���(S��:�'�`�=�-G���yR�춣Ų�(K��N���@*��H�:ZSL���2=��Z.h��n��ӳ����C
�R�/K|	�k;-�(uۗ����)��q�@����e)�/�|��hi�۾,���~����h�n����p���
�|�m_�bzv�p����C>�}Y��K8_��mZ�m_�bzv�p���
�V!�}Y��K0_#���.��p�W v�^o�^ߞii�wǰ��kԆp�ⶻ�j�]��ܥ+�7���T%�.;9wxCx!s�ݿ��Ozr�k����n��드�c�!\A�v�1��Kr�؅�c�������$��z�!�+��n�s�p�h�F9���ѷ�pe��QN՗���:��_��u숃�l���S��C�o��l�w5-�a5��x}��5��l�
qk�����7�>��d��*~�K�k��X�zBS>5��q�M��B����BK��k����A�ۭ�7��=�w�G\;��W�f�̜�nZ��œKN�Zdޫ^*�?�ռ"�p���6��\x�#/�>�F��*����ɋ�o���
fO9S�Ɯ�p�3������1��'��y�5��O�\�?�
�������^�X~ё4]��#I)�=T:�h|��_��YϾ�{Wsp�����]�`!�S  s��s���kM��1#J*          �  �  ��� �h !   �xڵ�{lE����^{���Q�R��+����	�R
-p�}-��#Q$5Q�����Di@Z$1
��6@Ă���T�����ٽ�^��m�eowgf?����7�w�#�@�LP ؖ��Ӫ:Cn .�lk����f�H�%D��d�'��A�kj� �xA�������I��^9͔T^J�"�Z�u1r��]k�㎨�|&�;�x���hx�'F�5R~��D3׸'�+6��f���npX]Ц��|��T�nzp��Ds*�Z�L0�U�/@"^���&�T*qm��.U����άɐ�^J�^):�=����i2���O�ۏ�	�{eθ�jz�MUdⱏ}�pIc��������ض#\ulϭ���p=�?j��LZ��p���eI����N�v��v�
�������w�y`�dZ.�dy
��j`�|��'v������-�h���j�G�����<>�'ɢ��樈�=l��J��`�V%ݤ��Y=j�䁞�M����0�f�g$��c��n�/j�5�B�����+�Ñ�g~��3�t%U6�i��F��� ����3�赨�/.��,�+1p/��W��;������xVQ�=��"��׊����vv+�g�rN}���z9�p��ˏ��,/�����=��*�.{X���k���]ST���#�	��զ�.)4{��s#v�v��Eu*9��������.�E�Mr�'�.+�Tj�f!�*�s�Q��7r�N�{A�Ѩ�e��Ay��{�U��܃�/N�]��!ԛ��%�6��2� 9�&�ݤH6j�~��Z%���.�;�ԭ����:�9�;ɇ��������>9w0�a�����9���P��;��۫�����о'��\��A�Mg�ȹ*��#�����m$��z�&Rso�v���["0��s��/�����Gѿ����܁��1�irn��C7'5���a)9wr{hGɹ�臮��E�չ��sW�^M�E�����[�ܵ��H����8�s���C��A���Rs�qn9w����FϨ�ƌ�M��F�h̬��;DYN�$�}�-�Qޠ��t=�\˹��j^�f^NxO���uڥ��Z�5�?�yA?/�П�i~ۘS.�cN9�Mc��R.1mY��>��'d� �;�d�9[����|��u�+�foV�����y�ㄷ�:�B��Mbe��=hE��Z��Tڌ�ϑ�Bǋ��ӳZ��W������LV�H�� ���S|���:�T�D܂�����k_�i���d�D��B�h�u@�*�%��$��D�-�as�>� ��fha�Y�Z�AD]>���z�F�� ���Y��{Xd��eQ�e����q;�.����o�_o$��qj]uY����g�u�\�s����֧;�uD�e�_.wXopQ�2��~�emI	��Ժ"�쯮ia�F
�.����t�c_��i�'E�_�e���}������оwq����d��Ϯ	�~��퇕"{P��f�)�0�# {2��A�aKU~��m��_�Ǥ�wc�'S����1������Mౙ���͝��?VVF8Mr�}V&T(,��m&��>sCo��ä�5���+CO���ՁUA���lUP��Kz�=�wf6R��D6[g�d����``���hNɒ�����O.�w�6�y��x��;��y| �x^����G�"��).q���26�l�o��R��#��#v��+�e�~t{0*㚋�Y�'�b�ɯ�-j�ʭ��˖[땚���`!�	  `g��Ͻ��� o�-          �  �  ��� �h b	   �xڭ�{t����ٝ��ٻ��B Pb|�xo.������Q������crx��R��� 6p%B����Jx�k��hUyW8����������0�����������fg&��u!!��B�B��v�tt6�|�u� �cph8,�ᆣ�N͝�e�����2Q#ʅ�˗GiP>�J��x�I/����>&�#�S���Ґ�\P�r��`�ݺg���*�$b|�֓�	�YH����)���[���d��t%X�Oו3|��.N���'!��BQhdN;I�����u�k7׵Jq2G#��.����n���&C+r�K�t��ն��H�$?�`nN�U�m�۰�O�P�8WK�8{59�tG�+9�rM�{+MD߰�vز������t�~���Ǡ�#;~%��;����D
m��s�qr��j?W��I�L���W��_h��kÇ%���ͩ%���_�>5�J�[���Zb��̄���i˖��qbq=Q���BT���i;�ǀ���%�C���6����x�$%��]p-��k���#67��e���f^�n�MmU����p�>���7r_�;�K��6�)�N����\�SP��~N���}Ik�A0U�O �n�\
�)	�8����)>�ǃu�[�Άr6�5�O�%x��J�i�3\�&�G8j��~��ֺ��|�G�a����զ�n3e�k����M`k��p��]n�p%x��u`��p�1���d���fQ��t��#DpGn1)��I� L:���n�.���Kp���`}�T������Jp��=���,�V:> �0�O�`�ļڂ��M���ky?m��3����ܰ6��&��Z^�e)s��0�Cp����jw��Z>�ַ���z����ˡ�Db�7��ӛͥzW�J7�����߅9�K��@��B���#馗�Oyq����[���I�w��ܬ"����xY��T��2g�!�M7`�'w+sO���a	��}&�f9m0Ji�r?o������P��q�����&0Un�.�}t9n=�{�e�1�SW�Lw.��V�8�X��(Q����!�l����F�1Թ�M�m0��f��[o����:״��%��V���u�bܲԹ=�[��N���T�i���Q����-��g����v���V���w�O���y!X�/���Թo���/ǭ��y-�2�/�s/��qN�qN�1�M@����?�P����Ot��-e�i	����%p��Q����9v���&0�>����C��~����	�ϫ����8kT��n���7�x����1��lgM��XMGu�Ϗ/x�$��Z�����2��Fwe�Z�;��/$����h��9�A:�ܭ��^3�6C�s�q5��I�7�Z�Ǭ��o5p#\����Q,����Q9�.����w��#����F�ʹ�I��C���u��	�-	��� ��g�m�4���2C�3�}��$�=��Z:�n-�oX�������="�u{*�yk1��9H�+s��	x�H��2O�N�	����|��=��>k�qO�40����c������ܓP������N:�>Nۋ�^[���8�1^��Hp�3�����L���W�?s�$���z�{��&�T��w4�I\���
��Ks|!6�w������i�5�"_/���߳F_�273���O�%�k|����w؝�&���W���V@�"��׿���E�f���2�
x+�)�g�Kp��go�8ʺ���:�~NՒ\ha�Cl^��U�+s��8y�r��3�XU�7L���e�Y�;�s%�z0�]�s��z')��-v��B!�s{�V�[���U���q;�DD�Q�UH#'��%"��Tu-akM�.t��"f���R�KD����#V�L�.t�SյˊX��T��aU]ox#���T�AW_U]�|k�7պDDЕ��kT be�S�KD�����]��5%�j]""��p���f8�&$�A�n3�{���^�NUvB�e�$�-ݤ��ޝL�x'0�fsԁ^/�JsJ����A���A�PHi�|e��d#ժ>7��\EU��0�R��C&TEUm�a�GS�j)��*�ZB�8��Z�,"T�ST5Kc��Z�D]�z@Q�-�O�T��	Uy�T%��q����7:�.L��݂r��1-�S�j��X�w��P;�x;�D7�&U�����j|�M`�~Ъ�=���������|��i�^��vg�({�ű�Z�]}^��K�k��|N$����;�4`!��  �H�B.���Ǯ��#Z��8          �  �  ��� �h �   �xڽ�{lG�g���+n�n���6�X���=�Ժ9N��	y�
�ml�C�9�/�S�� !�Lb)���9�-}XjPe��Q�
�d����(�HUA�mP����3�=f�:���|�|3����+!!e�N���.D^[��6��@���.���Ah5��!�oۃ=��{Tt:��C[Q�eq۵k�V�=��x���h/�d�/�ש�o�������ڐ��H�-	�N��6y�����c9Aۉ�}Hş>�Et�����{%�U���՗	[�H6�N���[������zJ�DW`yO����}���xB_ÍFЮ�v	�ۋ���ʹ�-��eE�fF�$�Ù��"t��յ�����q����?9���]/�l��98��ϏO�v�����_������&�E+��m���k~ے?�{P���ɱ��cg҇�Oz�h���HtM��4n�w鷗�+�3u��D���u��R}XT��z���{#�3y�=~�$�G���#'�٭��I�6�U{��?�:��p=�'_^��~;!1=Z��=���f�}���`Lw���W�}�7���B�]���n��7�X1,��>�׬��W�#)4-X#��6��*z�������F�u2�,��ٕv�Xp�,h>ߎ`���D�cs��c�����GI�i�w`"cQ �m�~�$Rx�]b�š|g��ѵ�.�(��Sbz������w~��9)�N/�z�#^e2}�R>>>:���T��6�`|b�;���TD�}w0��-R#�!��z��s��JE��u��4~�z�n�a =n��h.���m���N4�=.���ed�59��qGC�.�ѿ�ֈr=�(���`D���H0t]'ggн������;�Lx�]ߐC�&����Z?�S�1�~��o1���$��sA���V��d�a�6�}K�[3�U݈h�oǴ�����4]�%������Yҩmn��|�Q;�p�[5����,�R��-�5�䂱����qF�`��^2�󛲤��oɥȒ5ks��㌺f��~`�}�7eɫTg|K>�,�k���C�8�ε��.��}�7e�i�3�%��%wt5���:���o$oC&�E��\�҇ߏq�M�w��q����\�u��Q�˻�L�v��.�Ey�|��S-�Q�Er���dQ�E2�w38��7ϻ|&E2�I�Y�A&E�#M����_�U13�!p�+��*�6J�s�
�*EP!U�L.k�ב�
IU)��"RU@*��6'�΢���+9jC鸔��R&Wl@���o�LIfV�ؑAT�\�ϡfd�=.[�]�ʕTB�Tf�K;u4���	�=�)R+B��dB�J�����@�gk�3ߡ�|�9;����i�����F>����A�Q�G�)���Qxv��d}:��u����i�C�[x>M}kD��[#
�-�*зF�o��V�q��ĘGY�F�Ⱦ�NA�[�����"�+
��+V��V�Y��VQ�ZQ����9`E\^+�����Z�����R��g�����I�r�Ŵv�/Ҝ�Z�Է�ֱqH�c�����"�Ry�ʹ06b;�qH�c��`�E��Tx^��i�vJE�)l��k�����GbF�%���GʕǽS��pFK��H*D����� ŢkyK-(v=�2È�NKB~K�?^Z�oI�ޖ֋��+�T��p�+��{ڒ�6t|m�g«+`2��r'qT��I�
��C���˜�2�%'�{Y>?�H�(9	�RPrq)9	�R��K`�څ�ilLQn���ĠܚZR�K��ׄ�j�Z6kϚ�ZPs����ZP˂3�Zlj5@-���z)���@�*���WU�_q��5�^Mt�ի�g\EFVħW���F�˧W|2�������|�މ�ԗșqX_�h�{� >Y�3�ȇf4�C.��M�C3Z��7#d4��&���h0rKv�g4���O���cS����Xwf���ۃ~'^��u^�EQR����_u+��rWtX�grP��,Kћ�e)z\N�8`�R��W/�tp�b�`�eJ����� �\��)]�t�r@���t�2� #-�)�u�0������˔�ց�>=9Y�hm�c�к����!�,�օ������օ��!�� #ݜQ�����Kg��aZ�M�3x:�MxO�O|�V���N*�c����@� s�g��xF��!���u�5��Ζ���"v�ь�g�e��]����^\5v
ȭu8�}�Br���#4��j� ~����(���?.�UH(cߪ׻�M޻��*ި7Hϐ�{Cڃ~����X���k��w��α�"�6��;�Ȋ���#d،Kg�tp���6�t�{��1��U�	�LNh(�8�]6/-CF9����!�+-b�l6��p�Ut�f�n96��z> 7-���Z�	�,��t�����\�uת�!���Z">�������k5�!���k�� ��2r-�(}ȵ�F���p�Ɖ��=��:�N6�,X�,�`�Y�т�� �2�"Z�J��v�t �l�+�U�T��
��2:^����_
K���W�RI�� ��TR�)�l�)�qJ%�qJ%E��J���J�e�JV%�Rɸ�4��=i��7v�\a �x)��g��B�ɺ����f��87�l�;�lRT��&��N1+�3�l���ll>������|���۶E�^�!=(�-oH|K:�Y-����U=*y |��v��?����Z�Ճ���y"����Ȩ7�;�����[=m�?Q��(@uO��6bÖv �3��J�������Z�S����
�i�y��ճ+�s�N�q��k�������G��~���.�Z�������z7�o;$9J=��)��ht��3q�Z~|l"�σgC��X�����Dd�$}��ɘu��!D���iK�%�������g��`5��k`6�m��z���x}���}���ί?����zQ�Y|}�ơ'7��Tϱ#%��GO8���dϧ+�(�l�/�ҍ���5����$�}G�NV�Nֳ�~�}����#L���zt��`!�  �k��W�f��/���6          �  �  ��� �h t   �xڭ�ol[W��������$m�lٜ��6	��g;N����d[��Ѵ�B������c�fB*b�ʗ�|�Մ(
4�&����P$�@ӦH�*D�! #�0!1
��������Bp���s���{�s�ߓ���r�~������g�~t/��_ �ui�����$t"!�{��O�ݏN�x�!�@o�>w��h�P��x�"���>VX�
>��J�����H�%�ז~���-*��4���D��Nӏ ����c}T;�>BN]�CR
4��{#�3\vw��!�|R��k伄b���2�_�R���p$H�d���k��e��=��_�~��p���tRrG+��|�dG���T$���A����×�����C^+� ���z�҇JչF�Yq1��j"� �z����S���8a�'��Z0
��c	͗�c�m2V�#��T��X=g7����vuC��Vh�a�����t�.���"���O!�>���^���;�k�z�������oGc��̩/��C�%�ꍫG��D���@��e|n������?��X>�c�ON�2�S�vw��rc0���ŷ�k�^u�.����4N���~�Wt1����
�4SL�L�)Ӱ�]��i���)����p$�!��ZǕ���\�RN̔k���Zu�^�*:%v��#�Ft�ܪT����r��	TĒ	�z9�Ǽ���X8-:�I�H�o�ph/:���Ha���Nf���{�r,�7:J�{r�k7�
��J���_ߓc'��OzR1���r�J�Τ�c�hǪɠ��n׃Ox�HNI��Fq:�j�d_,b��c�����)�,��9%����sJ�� �4���9%�!�%4%�	�uL(L���vm��x	�0��b�sH�(��y`�GiP�(]��J�vQJ띔R,�uJ#D2%�����O�����|����	d��d��fȔ�+��Xe�y�UJ�JɐUX�J��KfXV)��*N$W1+����y�1_�U�h{�QL��y�z��jX��v�i��7U��O����ry�^0b�=x�y/2�k�Hi�bQW���r��
QXbϝ��W/\���&a4J��$q���F���,dD>f%�XQx�F�Y&�x�F�Y:W��y�F8#�A���F�,�ֈ"��6n���w��ee�3.CN��rZ�rZ�,�i��ip�d��6�Ӳg��_��2�KXN���!��z�o���s��1t3r��	�b��u��(��8�(Y�q�U��Eq8�d��dQs��v��kOGe�C2G�-�HV;�,]V��\ɶʮlO�85�9�Bԙz�]�Hȕ0�l��u��Վ\�m.��
s�,���5�j����򼫭�Y0j%��$�cɵ�%��6&�G��cK����I�B����h�D�	�N'һ+�� �m�w8l��XGos�mw�K]�(�mH-�m[]φ�U�Lۮص�4�Y�����PG�J�tfC��p6�*n͆x�5�q+�e4�`�f͆��ܙo3�g��pNh����go3��ud�`��ك�o㷚��O*�Zصѝ�o#n��Yh�Gj3���(�M.�͐h&8�������jk��/�^�>F̓���/�56�(�(3���iZ��zX��Ӵ�=��x��5�Ƃ��R�� %|����5���`4�ٵ�j�Lvw'Ȭw�����o���:|d=h��)J��646*Ѻ����e��T+�=%��I��0K�]��Z�|�*B�����
�9;V���1��0ϛ�0\Ue��7Ya��g��6ϛ�p�9�
���U�Za�U�Z�]U=ժ�+7.&�&�	�k�ŭ�y��rf��p�U�����LYLtY�"�ZF(+]6x��8��h����)����jM��ۯ�~��
�n�����������|�:�Jl��:�O\�9�,�f���m��y�]\�>��uQ&q�e��^�L�h�����۞���L
d���w+z��9+:ܓe/X�Y�a��x3܊�}oE��̊}&����'��Y�Es:�`s��j��@Gy/�sw�c�l��H3zG!��1��=9`��=��z���#���4C��f@B��f�Z�J�F}n��ΐݡ�؇,�?����Ch���EK\BK�2��� ��ty�ے��t͢t�8t��wV��Ίzk�|b��Fu���\&�Ϋsg��Sn��1���v �\r��.��x�o��1�
�*R��!��U"l6�h}��.���0���M��w~+�?p������J�;�>O"�)�U"V�;��Ļ���vp��eT���r c�DDmF3����_r�SŔ��Ǩ��V�{F[��mEx^���mEx3�V�[Lڊ�|h+�݇���l>Y�i>[�|J&��U�Mx�
�/�%�5����ɀ�T2y|Jfo>%�ǧd�|�)]���/ʱ^T2E)�L���{BS*����;�G��*�w�E�;������;�9��I�w�9����Ƚ���t��o�Z��/�z��VD�E�v\V�v\U`٭���Ғ�)ޒ�AK��������_�k=���[�j�"�)ޒ�AK���뿯/R�ݯ���n��%g�M�\Z���뿯/R�f���k²[�jɷ�M����Zl���Ej��k}3�n��%-bS�%o-yh�[�t� wm;w�|�����{?|ċ�Rt7��wc������k���
>���}�?���u,ؑ�мɜI�5���������N?:��(^Y�q��γ����}5U��~��O.tkS>�ּ��_����_���E��&�x!�A3:z�]o�Ռ�!E�3��O?=�t2�/�?�#�y��VQl~Gem&�OΙ�j?u���|űi�S�v=�[7���m;��C����m�ު��	�������ۊ���5�-C��$�x���>g�\�ê�|��L��̊�D�{ej�g��ԽO��rE�}a����`��,�򑙋�E{������=��_�3`��(��?��L�`!��  ��B�4�ξX          �  �  ��� �h �   �x�ݜtUez���ɾ��	�F(d2) 7��X&PRn���T&�T��!2A��-�-�8WA����� /(Hqe* 
A�f����|�>����l��k��y��{���z׎81ǉ���q��C?͡B����\ď�d:�S��858��;�p�G���y��r�..n�q6;���ŋC��=�����)�r�$�l�RfG���JvҜ&�xJM�?�%�d����$����N2��	+>~�'�n�4¿�#��Gv��$�+�Do��ujz.�2gDmdƓ�į�Z����x��P&]��=~#�]�$y,I��t6���M���H�h�Gu�L~�����fC}_���_�|ݰ�̌ZC�Α�x��s�2,)9�&/�}f�:�^����)��8�n�~��-�����?Uܲ�̯[Y�ҾU�y��W7U���{�~��^�_~7~�,Ļ����yN����	��큒��x���k���o��Y�5n��W� u:�e�o���wD�{��{�q�H�̋���o�z��=��m�"HRۦ�*�!Mf�M������Y�m^F�7O����'ߘ��Im�'t��|B���M�,��g�*�����W���y���,�Q�~������3�8�����^1y=�������?�G��$���@��X�Rq�@JqL��3��ެ���P���~�o���ۉuC�
S�R)]�:���ᾞ7�,�hn�#�y��2�)��1���G��
�.�"˼9H���Xs(���qk�Ѯ�S�m�jK�B�sxF�2��ʉE!��G���woY����.���Ek�@ӝ���D��9��Y~����]Υ���e~
�s���)Hъ5f��/x��2?�)��1(��5f��Oy��2���ӠR��s��N�}�7�,� հN���O�lG�>�D��[ d	ނ�֪��"��5��b
^�����ǌ�^��u� �̫@��z=��������˼Ad�o���r�	
i�٪��"�|-H�XU�ZHh|�c�Mpo�"�|%HkY���PH[h̶�5�Ad�/i%kM�R��7f[	�J� �̟ike���٘m��x��2��X˂�!����/�lO��$oY�sAz��d0R�O�-�{!oY��4��0xR�[�=
���Ad�?�ìG�!���-O�̈́{&oY���� kfp?�h�2f��t� ���@��5=(����j�6�)�Ad����5%��3f��{x��2/i랠Zޭ�n�V
w)oY�@*a�� E�m�1�����e>�Q�1�0(���1�H�G��e~H�X#�� ���̘m�Cx��2���XC��!E�Kc�p�"˼H7�} E�ܘ��"� ��{�ԇU�ֶ��ܽx��2�
ROV��+�h��:���"���+뺠=$����2f� w� ���Aj���C!�Yc�|��y��2o	R>+?h	)ڰJc�Vp��"����VA6$��_e����Ad�����j�A�6b�1[�i�Ad�� ���R��k��\�]�`r|~!��%"=v!�U�����]�/��܀�2?���D�y-H�Y�����~�W��N�}�7�,� ղN�'����1�q����e~����Hh��٘��� ���t�U��m��l�>�D��; b�߁m�Vc�7�~�7�,�7@z����$�?�1۫p��D�y5Ho�^��!E�c�1�N�w��e��j�N;�hw�Ƙm+�[y��2��v�V3$�vw�0f��F� ��׃����_)Z�Nc��p��"��9�ֳV��ABk��]�lpW��e���X�rH��V�-�{)oY�K@Z�Z�/�����-�{1oY��;����� �u(}Řm>��y��2�E���c����k�l���D��,�c��gAB���o���]�D���f�������c�6�i�Ad�? ��4�(��3f��{y��2���{�ɐ�:�Әm�x��2� �d��h�6f�X� ��ǂ4�5�)�߾c�6�ѼAd��i,k�?Z�{�5f�p� ��G�4�5�������=�7�,�� �`�C�6�1[����e> ����� Hh���1[����e^� V�R��C�l=���D�y/��X=�^��M�Oc�.pw�"˼H�X]�n�кL������x��2��n�v��PH�1fkw[� ��@����/�����]�5�Ad����u��Z����e���D�yH�YY~�~o̖
w*oY��@�a��� E�rԘ-
w�7�,� �f��@B����˘���HQ��2����Ҏ����,oY�u��.鱺Գ!����l���	oY�g@�c}❁B�	c����7�,� �a}蝄��m�G�l��oY�GA:���;
)�'��ރ�=� ���t���w
i��{oY��t���{R�i���{7oY�{Az����	��i���v���7�,�� �e��vC�����ٶ���7�,� �fm�v@!�֘�y���"�|H;X�{[ E�^k�V	w%oY�@�ª�6@!�Sc��p/�"�|HX˽U�к��c�%p/�"˼�U�%^�>3f[�"� �̗�T�Z�-�B�����|1�KY�Őz���eܳx��2_ �b�,o���e�3x��2���o�h?�ܘm*�Sy��2�	��To&$�	4]�IpO�"�|:H3Y���PH;o�6��Ad�Oi:k�7R���J�.�"�|"HSX%�D(�}a�6
�Q�Ad���4�5�+�B�P����xKYC�;�����r+ܷ��e~;Hw�n�n����x.7�}oY�� �κ�+�Bڗ�l7�}#oY�A*f���B���ʼ�Y=�~�˿2�Kg�;��e��~��^oH���x.�p��U� �ެB�;��p��3�Ux���NP����sɅ;�7�� ub�z�P���q&�hWu�-dezyP��8�3�U-x�X1/
���x�"pGx�ȪE R.+�5�m�������: 5g}�@��3�3�UxSX��Q(����I�Ѯj�T��C�����`�"�h����9(���a�H�����{

��q��g���=����B���ف�y��X{�Hή�/._�j����%r��q⽝H&���}�\־L�7zR��T�QiH�fs�w�)Cb7d�e�I�-��q/�C�H^=����$��Q�{65>6݁M�?n�F�E�Ln���FF�$��D/uF��}���ʿ�NP�Ž�:-�^m��x�����Z,Nk��M�8?��d�)�\z%^����իu�r�2ܗ*�}�I�n�KI��_��Z�^Ҭ&�6��\����+:?u ��k�GkJ����O�%�J��dz$���wv含�iw:e��SdE�dJ��c���]q߮3w�^ߦ��N0i����������S��?�K)i֦ѧ�6~w����_�;չq�F��6�r�Ʀޣ��۹�_�ٴo�K���};��{2�޷s�����;��Y��΍�X�i�.�MJS��=��wů󂆻�9Y��O,����ҩm��M,�Y�{:�﷦\��f�8�����I���ůs�5�+c���~��BIT�$M��Wr%.�7M{͕��5�^�p�2���OB$))ش���N��
]~��ğK�LY�`!�  ��CƇ��I��O�W*j^          �  �  ��� �h n   �xڥ\}�G�����>|��]�^Jmj��w��
�%�4�E����Qӆ�A����@��,�H)�r�����PcY���� M��(�P�hK���������,������ٟ=��[����?A� ��7d?�� ��\����w�(!'��=^����Ƽ��8-:� ��+�V��qr����.]�����7�$Oz�޽N/BTrA15�ݠ�2���IQ���b؏��^��'3��R�wT���R�����k�!)��=��u[�YW��O�1�S���S����yBm����x�G�#��m��έ&!��Z���B���彩�Sx���c��x7����.֩7�O)�eur�
?톔q�O\rm>G���y��?;�&y��;�`SP.�X)�Z*�>�T�q��S����O��sq��{~:f�쯎����s����M��4����>���o]�	}�3�#���ŵ�^�9{F�:����^M�����G�>k���a�df*}��_G�uy��U�s��B�w�F�{g}�fӖu���m�tϦ�[���`D�A�)��qzѯ#W�p��[������m�zǆ�Xß��̱�ѐ3�#ˈ�l���4������$����#����'_�y���F�"����Fm�g�����T����^������m2��N1�y��(C���
ף���h7�3�
�x�P��0�L�q�>�'L�
1^0�G7�K�	[Y���i�q �p=�a�����|�r0f �S����qƢGli;�C1f& �Oz�G7��z(�A[hz�"�x�W�zt�x��b,�_1��F	b�0�OS��iBv�9��}
ףƳ}cg!��i��ٯp=�a�����i�~c@�zt��� ��6@��ACZ�_T��0�m�\�q0�u�ٌ�����Xk���!CZ��!���c��Xm�]1�`H����
ף��a��b����B�41!��˳
׃a��4�ŴQ�~o�`w=|{	=u�T�t�:Qpx���s�Rt�2U����3���s�j�1Z�Ιʘ�s6��� �s��N�:g�R�O#:g*��LJc7�s��oA���Bb�Dt�T�.�\y�01��蜩�Yйʤ�˽�Ι���e�3��
:g�k�3�}���t�R.T!�JD�Le��s6ɗiD�L凂�u�q5�s�2+�\�"���Ι�A�lI?��α}��ݮ2���}ϰ�6�$��/��z���r�Q���%�.�ޯ��jX�{S�w��e�z�VV�"F�1�1Wi���#�&�Ō��*���'󟍏b�Й�1��1����`2�3YL��b����^��1y�P��L\���9#���bX=�[�h��V"&'	Ō���䄙�6>��&�zބm�DL��������X*��l|��R���lk%bB���1���������G�z�bV�[����	��x&�}&{����G�z��Y=��Z��P���`r�g�Л�6>�Յ^f�p/lk%bB���1����N'󟍏buw�Yݗ�m�DL����d��dg_2���(Vw�1�s}����	�.�9����d���Q�n�gVw�öV"&��]1���lH�?��fu� lk%bB��1���lL�?���Afuv��1��?�ɬ�dm&��l|�k3���lk%bB����f���d���Q��bV���V"&��u1���N�?��afu�0lk%bB��51����dì.}~D���~�f����
}�8=_R��4.�\*������=3����E�' !n64.�\*�Bxܙ!�05.�\*L��3C�Ii\L�T���3C��Ҹ���qfW�h\��M�,T Bx��!�i��%O&Bx��!��A`�dً�H3C8קqq���4@�33���5.�,s�23�W4.�,#�ǘA�� OJ�:e4.~,���2CxzH��Sҹ]f�k\�X^Q٘9�GTQŞ�KX�jTk��
*V�2�cRS}FP��Ͽ�b���*�֊U_o�Xn�����b撚*�[k�bn�Ƙ�Xn�����bU��֚��[+e�J7��������Jn4�Uk�bV�4�YM˪5U1�V���M˪5U1�V�.�@,��TŬ��!�.,��TŬ��2*˪5U1�V,�LTSŲjMU̪�gab`Y��*fՊ�2�Uk�bV�X�W9�Uk�bV�Ɛ楻�W^�+��J�+�,����*A�y��/�b���i�k�z=n5m(��ɠ��C^�O��]���4�{^�0ͬi%Q3����c`�Y��fN�<0ͬi���9�j��ifM�5��&�̚vI��jڽ.����G�io��]M��SΚvF��"��)gM{MT�)yn1�i/��Y�10�iϋ��e^0�i�E�rU������͋�9)��)gM{DT�.�rִ�D�,��rִ��YtU��WN�#\��9=+�*bqZ�ԝϜ}�ν�L��CԶ��X��e��_���������i��7�=턳+��=m^�E����=m^_)�ielO��?)�i�ί����k�=m���؞6��{ڒ����=m^��%�8`{ڼ���%�lO������B	 `{ڼ�OaO[��������(�IlO���(�i�ґ�������E�8`{ڼ�kaO[������{�=��S���+Ԉ��~19�����9t!\�:�:D�:�6U�T�:@��Y�A����X(�pm�z�4U�wU��g�w�T�p1�� ��A�#)�S�P,S�P,S�P�	'��#`���%#`���5�įxL�:@�dL�:@�&�ZtP�� Ś ��A�K�)V(���)VG�es[5�	���c��ۊEںG�{�h���bd�m`:�6ļA	D���cm� �7V��E��h�b���XS��q5P�2@��m\k
 `��6�@� �XmC�����m�y�8`��6ļ����Xm�u�Xp61�j�ŪL����XS��q(D��^�@� �7hb�@F��7�i�y��7u����oF��MQ�� �R71����M�����MQŪ`��ML�ꦨbUp��ML�ꦨbU0[uS��)�����X�UlZ�L�ꦨb3@��&�buST�i�Hb*V7E����buST1��buST��t0����U$/0�����%L�ꦨbe��b�8D��U+�X|�+Q��)���EtwF�R��=T�MO����=�����;Ϯ?t�:���UP�L�)Q'���5�@`60l�D%���X�������f�K 0��6R���4�@`60�m�D����~c	f��FJT�4����؍���Ui>��L�)�[A>V���������4�@`6��FJ�f)K�G8��eC)����y���
���H��O3Ҭ�#0X>�����3Гpf��j��o��	G`6�\v#5�:�I8ƀg%�U�o��1{P������~�JK�׽�2k���~�/�U��b�U�f-Vi��19E(ft&W�L`}g\��J��*�*�Z��4h�%bB���d�g�����V}���4h�%b���љ�JӬ�;��.��s�Ջl�%br�P��L.�L`}g\��J��*�*�Z��4h�%bB��|&�}&��3��x�i`�U�f-Vi��1����LN�L`}g\��J��*�*�Z��4h�%bB�?��q�	���?^iXeU�Y�U�m�DL��Gc09�3���q��+M���4k�JӠ-��	=��`r�g�;���W�VYUi�b��A[.:��b0��3���q��+M���4k�JӠ-��	�.�9�	���?^iXeU�Y�U�m�DL���b0��3���q��+M���4k�JӠ-��	=�w�`��g�;���W�VYUi�b��A[.:��1���L`}g\��J��*�*�Z��4h�%bB����f�	���?^iXeU�Y�U�m�DL���b0Y�3���q��+M���4k�JӠ-��	=���`��g+M�|��]�0�T>p��W�|'�U��+��\W�e�g�z���o���w���~/>�yk��	E'k����m��}�W��O�q���ـ��]��nϹ�n ���S������7�ϒ�I�,�Q�!sT��_��m�)��QM��Kޝ���U���{���bxϦ��*��J�>a>ᝊ).��t�;G���dT�E�s��3����K�]��;[7|��-�����Mw�z7�D|ޞ7����H���Q���ӡw�]E�x��(h=��=t�5�'
��9��7�����&	-#�%�mD�>�Y�~��E}~v~��g���0=����K�[��9�L�8��x*�z���޳����`��;�����֜���j��`!�	  �
�o@�_u�^�� ՞ �6          �  �  ��� �h �   �x��[_l����ݹ���].ׄ8j1�C��;��M0y #b��Ĵ(1���I�"*�m��V���Ju�%�_�]$Z����[		x�O1�Q,��&�ff���w���{O{{���o~�7�����XB:B��k�P;"�
�o֢�t6�b�۞^��|�]�0����j��:zFAkѮ�:;�]@)h�vm;J��^��kmP+�d�y�3ߢ��RP����rQa��ާ:y*��*���vB�)��6���Kٻ����Q�L��]�ʳ�z�	�7���eD�B�,��+b.�Un_�s{��n��Bc�m�h��L�~EFs7i.��Q'Ի���z'ެUVȓ�!���[+!�h��X�o�s�`��͉���%t�]�P�����\V�ǔ1*�5�����?�~r��ο5���/�ӹ?��vn����y�?o��]|a��݋�L���T�SA�ߜ���~ⴊ����8!��4��d�����!�i�q�@����������bfҘ=.36N[�Ӊث�'?h��6j�d�D�8]6șT2Y��w,�����`7Q�q����H2^yJ9~���>w�$w���n��牲Q�-s�����S.I���mX��j9��H���Y~x�.�i�8�e����(Q�F��4�ɶ���/S��<4Dy�E~�"6�)�7�xa�(b�v�ܼ�pdJͫ^%g2vk��WQ�x�0W���*���3�%�TU*(��'���Is:��i>}t��i$2�h4�)bi�_�"~d�*b�/�F"N�����1��hi$��v6���[G"|������5�����p^���p�D7�41��W������j4k�VT fK���cI��ɫE^��5�E�:r��y{mQYgL&���K���.q���'��֥^]D�֫�J��nm����J��*��,o����y��Z3?/����zuV���i�L-*�%�� ��R���zu�Z��*5'`�֫�Wj��db^>�8�g��/�
a'��V�,Bg0SĴ���+b!\0�C��RĴ�M�F�` /,�f�Ӗ�慷`ъ8��"�����
�k��K1Hgp0E�P��A��pQ>�y��W��j�f8���N|\���i����˫`/C8/���-7/xa�\Kf�y�qU��jL�;���UT ^K�b_O�5*6�1KR�A�_��S']�?[ɉw)�����Ø�t*(���=�`�G�uxL�)n^���yaV�����]�h݉�Lw�v*�˫�@��Xw ���'/�dr���s��=�zP�L��ˡn�S�v���	���u��i@]��Q��op�Z�'6;���ڭ��9ZN|T��j�����|:zwhڤ������5.�SV��=�����3c'��
;O/+i/�[����d݃�:��Y5�a�Fԁ*�b��,�0��=捎A�9�8���OW+�F@O�T�����i�A���Oč,����Geqs�7��*�k��?}v����ꮧ�*{>���[�/*�a���2�"�T�b�g΋2*[�J�ű�J�M!�����D��'d�.�����k+g�"�����^��#�Bf�����SKׇd`ХL@5>���ev��a=�&R[�Ñ��p��g��Օ�~Z(�W��R̜H��jo�ɚ�߁����=-j�A���-�Ϟ�o��\؟��*�o���|��>�'���>��r��i2��{��Ǟ��d0��Ğ���'�{������|?���������=��d_���rJ���yQ~�-E�+ۭѰ��th���jM�9dj��լ����U�3�%+N�Є���{}�}P'�n���v�W�����mdu�ا�sG��gn��U'���������+�Ͷ{�n'cM^m�Pm~~���_ͻ��������SΛ���w��ZC�]�tM	�C݇��]d+}�e(z���ӻ�V�JBE����C��뿊�X�!V���[��]�~Q6�sk�����Z�b�?dU�5Y�"_o]Q�
?6/���u���#�DU��*������� �D�ַ�RE�p#�s�����FM���)��&h��L���|���G2�Hd�G�HFG�(�F�]5�����+�`��H{U�$ˍ;�<MF�k`!��
  5�D���t�4J�ݔ�OD          �  �  ��� �h S
   �x��\l�w�{w����edͰR�X=;�MUͦ�BJ��Oc��$��J�=i�_��٤�(����Ulht���M$��㏶ڄ�I-m5�޽{i�8����������?�����}��]����X q�6:��X� @�e �C5�Bu,D��s�/9g$�����!pԠ�G��� z}t�K��Z�+ D�_�TL�d�g��� �3��EF�.�w�x/�[�1>e�S_$��I��~"���*	��J�C[ŉ���}%\ ��f)L|#�2_�F���ȝ$ �U�:�0��E0�!Lf�s|԰��]P�mb�ޱ7+$[�c�8�(��B
8���>��玡#���k��.8F�+9fa�������O|��s�znhsa�=���'�%L���t&�噝�R�ж��Ў�Ƀ 좑!�$O�4�ӯ otO��/+�I�\J��R[��|�J�����ѻW^�������7���߇Ξ����_o�~n��I���(5����/���{B��%?�9��)Ί՛�}�ΎT:T_O��΋�0KTL'*]"a�Ţ���rz��gj"�9MΗɪ�	u�[��"޻&�a.���e�.=S9��3��qaƫ��&��+��%�5���G��2�Z����%���u�A���̼���y�ڪ^�V^�>��U޼�:��V^	u@�@޼�A��ZV^Q8���1�N�bJh8�,�^��,�`�Y���,V�_$���E�*�ά�+1�x�y��q��g��=��d6���gy#���Vg�ȩ�>�l�&42Ɩ��h{X孑-���zV^ysX孑-��f^�>�����jd]+��:����mB##���pX]h�l�xhd��C#�5٬U��e��k���6&E�c�ۍţ�����s�,��?E�\^�L��Z��i�,�&��74�Կ�e{�7����� �Zn�c��������A��1\S��+������A��.\ǜ�Q�n,���r������^t��T*�B%����/�W�	�_�6[�I}���K����x�kL����x%���y�ט�C��t�^�*���W�țq��z��T�"Q���z\�^c:U�h��WB���kL'�f�+�(���^d�xW�p�?۝�v$;R��׈	�78�-M��O��F*��Q����O׈�+��9��V�.?]#���K�>��V�.?]#�ֲ�J��o%��O�kXyEᨶ�k��~k��~k��~k���J׈K(��]ݻ�]!n5���m6wʆ*D\� �H�MZ�ݛ�ӑڳ���s���pM#+�������P���ױ����B�����WB�@��n(T���+
3p��]Wx(���Pv]��R��(�A�H��ve���࠼x�1+���{P歌1H��U��0oʼ�1�26DYy����[c�*c���WB�y+cRel`����B+c䡌M��26A��+U�唍OG�o�L�����.5dA��$oJ9R��I����j�h[M���(�y3'�ֶj�h[$\[����som����Շ����jN�m�r?t��zV^Q��Zۖ�D�X��tQn;~�z+
��Xͱiٲq�י5$/�G��Pm����q3kۛL��B`3� �;��*��O��͎d��G��U�GDo:9�H楽�k&n�ְ��vq6Tn>^����gΟ-м,>Xz!���k&�����/d�/�y �¿7X�fc�����p��U�� 4η.d�xꗶ�yj�#"�Yg���QUu�#�Y�tT��߄:"�����xd_�����7+�Ts=��_C+�T��9XY�Jِ��"�#��y���p���se��_��UE;x�����>	�
��gcbO�D�.�����)fьl_DƇ�Jd��G"ٹ�tg�q�ODrR��'����n����Iϛ��z��=����3���x��l��i�
1{���i��z;�}y��~_s�w�}:���O"��eo���{���?�	~��1�{�������c|/���B���=��b��/��Ϛ7|l���c�?i���c|/��k:��mx���ߋ=�� �o���=�/e_���, XI�y]������KkP�^i�cO�\�j�̇'�qχ;@�;��ѫoB1���W�%�a�;x�R�����[�vC	o���]���ݕ���ӝ��F,$�t���Ϸ_|���W��ٝd��`_���f�k��x��3V"
3�u{[ ?F�
̴+�c바���ww�\FE��J�pb��v�V���wz���u�&����VU��ʬ'OY]�X��$�:VF�X��=��:��j�Z��ҝ~T4��k���J��U+��c�5S�D}���T�D�V�����D~�!*�wZ�	��y{ѪuVi=��NA�w�H��Å��ߍ�72��)q?ovMX��`m��k��doD|���ȁ��]@d���[�l�b�ƌ�H_��o�j�W��4�*Q\�v$�M�^�L�4&?������9����L`!�  xs+�%D��v��Y�r3          �  �  ��� �h �   �x�͛{LE�gg߻��,Ҡ�Z�^-\�7$M ������;)�9��H���%��?j�3��6�5�i�֚���IL����Ujc4�j�3;;',�������������� �� $P�@�E)�t ��ї��TmŲ���i������MM� ���lf�5�����6��f[k� ������U�}'ײ�p�g�"��Cz�S�}yX�	����u@@gE�}���.g}�a?%�Ч0�.����Jk�c���,��ٶ�yv	^@��D�D% �����\��s�@�A0��f{�[1��.�g0C�8��(�5*�q.�i&�l+�����w��k�>��֏�yW�4/�M�˷���S�D���@mrz����S�S蜦���T,�|O �rZ��ǻ�;�owv�  ���Ip�j��U��[:����,�"�Փ�(c�����Rl��-?����|��OW����a�쥻cݗ���|�������j�i�T�K�R��1�]W���,/��dnkj�)�*�M�xS\]]��'s�.���j@��{¥
��I�wJ"�}��jf��-��J��U���^e�,�w2��\I���a�[��7-�D|K>i�R.�ڌF��購��W�
��'-�y�%��q�!��U�ϲU���M$\\���6.;�I�P>�����"�?4Ѫ����B�%�U��mEҶ�Jݶ��R(wB�c�ޒ��nƱ�r�ql�����q̛���ܩh�J;�q�/�H�DǤ�د-�ΎD�;n�����j���B|�����G^�|,/w׆�j,Ю��#���#���X�Iu�hWX�WY�W)#�"���|��#n�VHiWV��Pe�G���#TY��^���x�]W�슆����[4$�k'���i|�6��*�}2��z}��j,�j�����r/N�>�\5\5�ղpu����^k���jY������^��qu�G�����������kmM�[�$+�a��Ԭ�y͎�\�ͫb�w\�����}��kBgA�	����j�/��Y�kBgA�	���$\Q�%�I�FgM�	��&tB.4�T{�pX��Y�kB'�¾�#�a_H��W�\d]�����ζw$�[���.���Z}�UWϺ�^��˹{����)P���@�Fׅ���H�>i���)P���@�F(�4C�Շ�Q�5�Ժ��m�
)��J��4��:�ź�Nc�.�Ӽ�s�7���}������n��Dl��q�;�Q��R���Р��Оx�5۰�y����H2���C��P=.�t���X`ZdM���$J�
��ɓƴȚ��H�_C*�D8�M���> Q�WFܶ��2-�4��%T�XP�_bA�~�+ճ�7���5~`�!�T|$�c��b�H�X^��>c�1�5ETl)���Ƙ����"*6���e^"���Tl)+*ݶ��2&�4DTlYP�AdA��+�7����h�$�Ѯ��!&s�y��q�Y���}>�J.~>~������^-\�%�����oD�����wN�"��V�zu7�pKZ����{�u��2�*x�>�u���7�֣jGU����)�[��ެU�7\���r:����{���?��\��8�ew��}�`ξc2ב�
�i/�脷Qd��A�ې�4��O /.d��H����(�G��mθ�%�����Z�w�5�A'�ﶬ;P�_��@i\ Kڿo��3{�^ ������=�wb���~Xv�����{��Q&��g���;���m
��Xu�����{�N%������=�wb��7�D��ϙ>���N���>���w����~&���̔沢YS������;4伇��� ��/K�%Y2��sy�,I��d�m�Bw�s�k>���O��bj�:�/Tfs���z�u�J��`!�
  Y�Űj|[�����ųF�/          �  �  ��� �h s
   �x��Zl���ߙ������;��*�1v QB�M�B�P�i%�I �qL�ĈRPD@m	JZ�Db���'�B!���!���D�R�~���簍s;wR����ٝ��y㝽}"��RBt'�6"�/�B�ʒgP�>��,�$�nRm�n=F��8�, �J�m�Y�(�z{�*|�$�|	Jj����匷�7�㚢c;�^@4���%&�+�k}6�G-�&[�kR�Jǵ����� �F�/���P�^Ry����lg�AH-4�d���!������	�+U1F�����T�ҍw� -l��氃v���z�����|���:��}'w���yR�_�am=��7�7�*�s��j����w��7�sx�ݭ�Ϳ�����~o��b�s�7��ye�9'�X3��%��=���ojX���;��N�ד��1Bƺ]�	�߀�6�����U�h/`��,'�#��~4@��{T��F�4j���8K�:�:p=�7{	��QքHt�`7 ��`��P���PǬ�U4
�RP��?��'�=�bD�y��?����Pq��u��8k���������݈x�Q�����Ddr�p%�#��:��{!�����l,B�r�C����rD2*;"���8�6�'��8�ǁ�B��5�_n3�G�8��*���!���~����r��G=9,�K��+�!T:���!��n��v){!r����m@d�˝б����rਖ��l��y�����������]����O��!��`��	Q�u������L8qv�1�V���:�����P�(B�p�#���>��ɨbRQ�X�m����f���o ���6�����j�*���D��#��v�]o�D�ʊ�U�ɞB����.�A���+�(�"��,�.3�Z�G�N�����=�(����do!��M`onB�S�=�y��q��u��|!x�1�����:&u�I�\P��\�i3�f��i3��3�Y�H��`WW��>��L?�YT&�S@�P>!� { p*B��gL�����gS\����!�5`�n5"�\2��7�2��
��E�rس���P3����E"�W��jP�D��$ɨN2��%�����o"?�1�F>v8�}'�~��r\�u��c�?�0B�;�ۡS�*B��E�_��}��Q��erX��A�������,������e�d� -�8��w�~�m���+��Gd�����3�h2��
���P9�9�}!�"-��4��"D.	��s*G��L�z��*U�
+�
�"me ����W�]\��PӞi���p��{���|D��V[��y���+�x���\6!�������!��`�����n�g��{p>���������%�zkR^&�z㻮��w]��%_]\�d���ŉ��D�3Usv����ѻ#���}5E�M �����������{����m���2���[M�c4�(�
�,:\m�;}t�:��ţ9�*���2��Gd�����/��u�c%��4׺
YJWi���I�$��̵��Д�Q��Uf����U����fv���%�&=׺���.����^{O˵���.���-�$vL͵�G��.��5W-��Tr�kb2�b�;�I�cނ��*մ;'��oܸ��;�)�k~e|���9�����:x6ݳcjv��jqҒ[-������j�:#�����g�%�g�(�t��{��^��XI=3	Es#��p���ys����e��n�=������}��>k�V�E�7�H)��UcWX�VTa��R)E���Q�|����5v��kE�&o%����>��Z�9�7��RtE����\+��x�R�~��ا�\)r��N)*�!�p��j��8+�Z��~�99ݯ�(�����{������4|�:����I��;K��|B�ht����~��}]
Ro��ѦX����b�W;F���W��6�D���v�fx�y�J�f���ߨ���~�m�����6=�y��$��*�.�Z���!o���[�o�v�K����Z���Y���72Q��p��=���7���=i|Yk��4d��*�@ӯ���Q�,T��������C���j�Ӧ_�>�;������uߖ�������y�^�G��G��y���Wq�;����ԝvi��z����wg�=�Lν��{QY��m ����сy�^��G�=�h1����k�u{��l��w^�G�����r^��
iϼ�XF�bM����V�t����w^˫�~-oE�����"i������_o[(n�u��u���y�k1��_���{-�_���kTK�_��(n����2]��D�;��R�VT(n�Y�H�y�XM�zζ@���|usƞ���m�Dhe(�'ױ�'�}J�O��*�N۫�&���������N��Z����i���(�Lȋ��v{k�29��o�]��%�?�in��x�'o������*�O�z�ʌ��˧N����)J�H��1%�=w~�x8���R��o��ܒʪ�#�uG|��������/w`!��  ��D�榌XV���f�/          �  �  ��� �h �   �x��Zkl�>��ٙ;3����N�.)D�NqB�MUc�4�C--n�j ���#��T�J��(.A��6�1���V�i1}D%�*�_8iiӪ��Q���Y���Ǽ"2���ι���;��;s�^$ �t@ �qD�|N�0�����`�JVѬ��"��]���ч���SP�����!���Z�K��Ĭ��.��oa�JԬŃ^a,.,2��Oa���Bc��v�z	���(�Q ؁FѲ����`!�`��r�Fɨa���	��O�����|{>��NXZ�>�Z���r'���b�D����b�5C���6A���va�8w���?�]�Fs��N�����6#7�B�3��I��ؙd��j咼��r�EN��Lr���2�f�e�Ӿ2�Ҙm�@:�a��c���V�E�Y=��hZ��Io�l�k�b7�[u�[��
��!���WJeZQё��j�:S�Cv�fˤ��a�M��Iv2��ʌ~�h����Η��U����#3�4!\.��g{{�l�&��M��������%q���`���7z���yt$����i��jDCOmӚXm��5�G�4���7-%��.1������w�Gط��p�����֏Qn��c?s����������%��{V�yՈZ�;/_>���������X�MyϱW:��0SO�x���J�PR��e��o7m�UV�ٴ�qc�h|�g|ꁧ�F�)��)�����ɜ7��$�]6��5�KK˲q�����;��cG�
TCOTf�t�Sa�>��8D�#���"�s��!�Q �s�)���/�f�o���������g�@�4 ���Ȝ�M�E�o�c0�%��7�ww%�R��}��[�߸���C�	��;��'��{�߸��8��|���2�ñd=Vގ���2���g|��!0���&��W�Q_]a&�u���-a&���jg2�a���
�-��v��PH�ń��-�W6#A�f���1FlA��i�J�J�g�D��GXV ���Ĥ	)&���N,�g6�������Z$�ϐVy��wI^�4˔M�B�����n�qy��G9A��.Ͼ�	�Y�Iu�f��I�)��Y�8���� �d��1_u��M��z�\�C�����e3}��\C�D&EZ/�i{6E� �L���,�x��}���+���H��F�Mz9�b�l�k�9���,O}�\A�ّ�2NR�3�#�z����+��ʋ���k�[�BF���[��S��u��G�Y��9�F��{H�yF�:G)���pF�{�L�]
K�n�I�&e��|=����D�T8�sU��W�~�9/R>�:��~� ??h�O���N����P-�A��*�;����a^�h���Zv#�\V��qdv��x�2�2Z�U:g���7?�}2r��y���,�ϑ-���*|ބ0ٌ�&M����]&�Y�#f�'!�&G�w#�4+�%ɞ;|��/�3��`��YA�����W?̊��f�� euo^_�����n�6/�Y���oO������_h*�B^��{������R�v��J�HFY'恭m.�8{-��#�q��l�򖠿�2Fy%h�O~�U��jv����D���M4̽�*�8�b&qY��li�0������S6W�~���l�bfч���������)3�����r�{����Ε�����2��S���t��S�R��n�Jo�̡�ޔ�pN\�S�R7��T�����ڬ��_��C�͘ߪ���2�~+�O7̯�׫2����wPw�ǡH\>��������^=Dq2+s�!���o�{��+���j���q_��ѽp��F��µ�I%]Ӵ�+1��k74={�ikb��1�kv3���j��{l������3���f�i�z�ˀ�;B����~�{�"D���p�����vǦ���ĆX(#�J��e�Ywcىqw��Q������0³��-�m�`h��7Sn�RE㮙���ǰlɲ�'�4m���;֓���μ���I�`!��  Nf17����)�ӪCDX�          �  �  ��� �h P   �x�͘MlE��ά7����b7J�����Vn�i/ r��H,ĩ6x�ZIl�q(���V� q�(�U !8�J�!�RN���DTHP!	��"�7?kٛ�ڛ@3���%`i �1��`@��� ��jX��y��CRr�KT������}8����7a�7� �![� ��i�M��~)�T0AA�"��!ޛI6b�	f�AB\φ>
*���.}X�G��B��RU,�}���T�=br�	�oPv��� n�R�z������@kRZGJ�ì�� �td�l6#�'�L󅕟k���;�}Un���hN+CrT
g��*]&G�m�ϥ������W��}0q����>����½_��~���|w�a�Y�g��9�->����w�qT�d���.q������I���y�{�y�4�+������QD��t+_{ƥ;�F���f��BBf�)WJe�R��T+���;0I���g]gQ�Ʒ�bz�H>c�&2a��a"�1q慀L�Ȅ�L�	&�L̖���{�b�(��:�b��P���\d9#�ͣ%�Ya�^��m4�D�!J�BIأ�|PJ�D�!JtA�T%�w�w������w����l����9��ʹ`5�{$�|fQ�4�n����q�w(��%��&%A�}ӊk�@�q>�'Z�2?����"�}����R��:��9��d%)���7�	#�I�4HLm>�_�����n%7�r�2���KhkvJ���BA�X�Iݹ`�%�M+��ub�#!���&�T��K��,�?�q|�"���+5�bby#Q�'�}Y]�Y>�
��)�n5�Q�G1��[d���K�m-�f�(%�Jq'�]��c���Y������yƓ
O�}y6�g�K�z6��ٔ��.=�����fF������������@4(_M�ig~�9�,�_�A�>��'���҉v���������w���1c���x��t������~�����B�����;�}?5υ�_vZS�� v*P.����                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  i          @  @�� @   gQ�e     1$  $ CJ KH PJ _HaJ mH	nHsH	tH8    8   jL�  1     $$
&F @&a$  CJ  PJ                  A@���    �-��k=�W[�W            , B@ � ,   ,g�e    �hUD� ]�h CJ  PJ * O@  *   ;�ˑjL�    $a$ CJ  PJ  )@�    ��x    .  @ ".   �>\    � 9r G$  CJ aJ P@ 2  ,g�e  2     $�hdh UD� ]�ha$ CJ  PJ .   B.   ���    � 9r G$  CJ aJ              %   )   /   5   ;   A   G   M   S   Y   _   e   l   s   z   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �/           ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����                �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               �����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����               ����
                                        %   )   /   5   ;   A   G   M   S   Y   _   e   l   s   z   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �                                        	    
                                                                                             !    ��        �/    �    ����       K   `   x   �   �   �   �   �   �     )  G  H  L  n  �       �  �        J  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  C  E  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  [  �  @  �  �  Q  T  V  W  X  Y  Z  [  \  ]  �  �  �	  �	  �	  �	                        �  �        �  �  �  -  /  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  I  U  c  �  �  �        �    r  s  t  �  �  �    �  �  �  2  O  k  �  �  �  �  Y  Z  \  ]  ^  _  `  a  b  c  d  e  ^  c  e  f  g  h  i  j  k  l  m  3  L  @  n  q  s  t  u  v  w  x  y  z  {  �  �  �  �    "  '    Q  a  r  |  }  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  j  l  m  n  o  p  q  s  t  u  v  w  x  y  z  �  �  p  a  �    7  �  �  �  K   �   �   !  U!  V!  b!  l!  �!  ^"  �"  �"  #  �#  �#  �#  T$  �$  �$  u%  �%  h&o&'  '  '  ]'  �'  �'  �(  �(  �(  )  )  V)  ^*  _*  g*  �*  �*  +  +  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  E,  �,  �,  .  .  .  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  /  /  	/  
/  /  /  /  /  /  /  /   /  %/  &/  +/  ,/  1/  2/  7/  8/  =/  >/  C/  D/  I/  J/  P/  Q/  W/  X/  ^/  _/  e/  f/  j/  k/  m/  n/  s/  t/  v/  w/  |/  }/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��           �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��            �   ��            �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��          �   ��         �   ��         �   ��         �   ��         �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��           �   ��           �   ��            �   ��            �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��           �   ��          �   ��   0      �   ��          �   ��   0      �   ��            �   ��            �   �� 
          �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   �� 
         �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   �� 	          �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   �� 	         �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��           �   ��            �   ��           �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��          �   ��            �   ��            �   ��            �   ��           �   ��          �   ��            �   ��          �   ��            �   ��           �   ��            �   ��            �   ��    0       �   �
@   0            �@  0       �   ��@  0       �   �
    0            �    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��    0       �   ��           �   �                                                      �
  0  4  �  t   $*  �4  �:  �E  BN  jT  �a  c  �c  2   6   7   9   ;   ?   B   D   F   H   I   L   O      �  �  �  :!   &�,  �2  �4  �F  lU  L]  �a  �b  �c  �c  3   5   8   :   =   >   @   A   C   E   G   J   K   M   N   P      �c  4                      !� !4���  �x    �        P        Q  ��8  2 �$   ��ފ9�֭�i�l�N�y� a     8�    �2 �$   �DT�y��� 0     ��    �2 �$   ����OIe�U���E_��� +
     ɴ    �2 �$   ��Zv�?3PQ�DbH3� �     ��    �2 �$   D���a���pX:��� J)     ��    �2 �$   �X8ok���ۤ!�s�A� _     �    �2 �$   ^���[GM.����|� �     }�    �2 �$   ��˹�r�Nę2��b� �	     x   �2 �$   jQ:2��p����7�Q�� �.        �2 �$   �U�[�e�� ���� �     �:   �2 �$   ��뢞
��/Ԉ;��r� �     �C   �2 �$   5�;;e��uf]\��� q     ?H   �2 �$   ��X�J�����9�D�� i     �[   �2 �$   ��Uә��bO�%�)�ݮ�       ����  �2 �$   i�Ww�����ܼ��:�� d      ����  �2 �$   OG��R�&(��5�o�� �     l   �2 �$   T����S����g�p�      ȁ   �2 �$   i�B���q�du����� �      ����  �2 �$   �0:~��Gq6���H��� "      ����  �2 �$   M�Ph[��͈�ѐ;E� �
      ����  �2 �$   �8k5�y(�?U��� li     ʍ   �2 �$   k�x^_��+e���(~Ϻ� �e     6�   �2 �$   HyՋE���:���=ph� a     �\   �2 �$   q��5���B���b�O� �      ����  �2 �$   �%���c?ƒ���+r� �      ����  �2 �$   s��s���kM��1#� [     [l   �2 �$   9!�����ݙ�zBY�� �      ����  �2 �$   `g��Ͻ��� o� �	     �s   �2 �$   �H�B.���Ǯ��#Z�� �     R}   �2 �$   �k��W�f��/��� �     M�   �2 �$   ��u�7	�K�!G�w� !      ����  �2 �$   ��B�4��� �     ��   �2 �$   �3'��}A���*#���� �(      ����  �2 �$   ��CƇ��I��O�W*� �     è   �2 �$   �
�o@�_u�^�� ՞ � 	     k�   �2 �$   5�D���t�4J�ݔ�O� �
     ��   �2 �$   �~tW5�p��Ȣ�� �      ����  �2 �$   xs+�%D��v��Y�� #     �   �2 �$   �(���u�2��R� �
      ����  �2 �$   Y�Űj|[�����ųF� �
     0�   �2 �$   ��D�榌XV���f� �     ��   �2 �$   Nf17����)�ӪCDX�� �     ��   �@ �   ��    � ��� �    ��   �   6  P   ���   �(    	�                    
�          � 
�      
  # �   �  �     �   V     �       � 
�      
  # �   �   �     �   Z     �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   Y     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   X     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   W     �        �       � 
�      
  # �   �   �     �   U     �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�   	   
  # �   �   �     �   �     �       �r    
�   
   
  � �6   �   " �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �     "  �r    
�      
  � �6   �   ! �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �     !  �r    
�      
  � �6   �     �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �        �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   �     �        �       �B
�      
  # �   �?   �    �   \     �       �B
�      
  # �   �?   �    �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C2   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    2 � % �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C2   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    2 � % �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C6   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    6 � &�          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   C6   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    6 � % �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �        �       �    
�       
  � �z   B�   CF   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  "  F � $ �     "     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   ~     �       �    
�   !   
  � �z   B�   CE   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  !  E � $ �     !     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   }     �       �    
�   "   
  � �z   B�   C,   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    , � % �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   |     �       �    
�   #   
  � �z   B�   C2   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    2 � % �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   {     �       �    
�   $   
  � �z   B�   C4   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    4 � &�          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   z     �       �    
�   %   
  � �z   B�   CK   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  '  K � $ �     '     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   y     �       �    
�   &   
  � �z   B�   CV   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  4  V � " �     4     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   x     �       �    
�   '   
  � �z   B�   CK   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  '  K � $ �     '     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   w     �       �    
�   (   
  � �z   B�   CD   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��     D � $ �           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   v     �       �    
�   )   
  � �z   B�   C�   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  �  � �  �     �     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   u     �       �    
�   *   
  � �z   B�   C>   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��     $ � > �         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   t     �       �    
�   +   
  � �z   B�   C>   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��     $ � > �         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   s     �       �    
�   ,   
  � �z   B�   C>   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    > � $ �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   r     �       �    
�   -   
  � �z   B�   C>   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    > � $ �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   q     �       �    
�   .   
  � �z   B�   Cp   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  P  p �   �     P     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   p     �       �    
�   /   
  � �z   B�   C?   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    ? � # �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   o     �       �    
�   0   
  � �z   B�   CL  D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  ;  L�  �     ;    @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   n     �       �    
�   1   
  � �z   B�   C>   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    > � $ �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   m     �       �    
�   2   
  � �z   B�   C�   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  j  � �  �     j     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   l     �       �    
�   3   
  � �z   B�   CX   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  5  X � " �     5     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   k     �       �    
�   4   
  � �z   B�   C�   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  h  � �  �     h     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   j     �       �    
�   5   
  � �z   B�   CX   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  6  X � " �     6     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   i     �       �    
�   6   
  � �z   B�   Ct   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  S  t � ! �     S     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   h     �       �    
�   7   
  � �z   B�   C	  D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  �  	�  �     �     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   g     �       �    
�   8   
  � �z   B�   C�   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  �  � �  �     �     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   f     �       �    
�   9   
  � �z   B�   C8  D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  (  8�  �     (    @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   e     �       �    
�   :   
  � �z   B�   C�   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  �  � �  �     �     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   d     �       �    
�   ;   
  � �z   B�   Ce   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��     " � e � C        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   c     �       �    
�      
  � �z   B�   CK   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  '  K � $ �     '     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   b     �       �    
�   =   
  � �z   B�   C  D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��    �  �         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   a     �       �    
�   >   
  � �z   B�   C�   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  �  � �  �     �     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   `     �       �    
�   ?   
  � �z   B�   C�   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��  �  � �  �     �     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   [     �       �    
�   @   
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   _     �       ��   �N    	�     /  �  7/   
�   A     �   �      �   ^     �       �N    
�   B  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �     /  &  6/    �       �N    
�   C  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   K  /  o  6/    �       �    
�   D  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      & '           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  /  �  7/    �       �    
�   E   
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   T     �       ��   �N    	�   0  /  �  7/   
�   F     �   �      �   S     �       �N    
�   G  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   0  /  U  6/    �       �N    
�   H  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   y  /  �  6/    �       �    
�   I  
  � �z   B    C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      &  '            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  /  �  7/    �       �    
�   J   
  � �z   B�   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      &� ' �          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   R     �       ��   �N    	�   _  /  �  7/   
�   K     �   �      �   Q     �       �N    
�   L  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   _  /  �  6/    �       �N    
�   M  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  /  �  6/    �       �    
�   N  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      & '           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  /  �  7/    �       ��   �N    	�   �  /  �  7/   
�   O     �   �      �   P     �       �N    
�   P  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  /    6/    �       �N    
�   Q  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   @  /  d  6/    �       �    
�   R  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      & '           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  /  �  7/    �       ��   �N    	�   �  /  %  7/   
�   S     �   �      �   O     �       �N    
�   T  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  /  �  6/    �       �N    
�   U  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  /  �  6/    �       �    
�   V  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      & '           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �      /  %  7/    �       ��   �N    	�   %  /  �  7/   
�   W     �   �      �   N     �       �N    
�   X  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   %  /  J  6/    �       �N    
�   Y  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   n  /  �  6/    �       �    
�   Z  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      & '           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  /  �  7/    �       ��   �N    	�   �  /  T  7/   
�   [     �   �      �   M     �       �N    
�   \  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  /  �  6/    �       �N    
�   ]  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �     /  *  6/    �       �    
�   ^  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      & '           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   O  /  T  7/    �       �(   �N    	�   T  /  �  6/   
�   _     �   �      �   L     �       �    
�   `  
  � �z   B%   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     ' % % %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   T  /  y  6/    �       �    
�   a  
  � �z   B%   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     ' % % %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  /  �  4/    �       �N    
�   b  
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  /  �  2/    �       �   �N    	�   �  /  �  2/   
�   c     �   �      �   K     �       �    
�   d  
  � �z   B%   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    ' % &#          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  /    2/    �       �    
�   e  
  � �z   B&C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    ' &&%          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   3  /  Y  //    �       �    
�   f  
  � �z   B   C%   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     %  %            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   |  /  �  ,/    �       �   �N    	�   ~  �.    */   
�   g     �   �      �   J     �       �    
�   h  
  � �z   B-   C-   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  
 	 - - $ #     
     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   ~  �.  �  */    �       �    
�   i  
  � �z   B.   C.   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  
 
 . . $ %     
     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �.  �  /    �       �    
�   j  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��   	 '  $ 	          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �.    /    �       �N   �N    	�     :.  �  �.   
�   k     �   �      �   I     �       �    
�   l  
  � �z   B3   C6   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    6 3            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �.  @  �.    �       �    
�   m  
  � �z   B5   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    4 5            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   =  �.  r  �.    �       �    
�   n  
  � �z   B4   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    4 4            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   o  Y.  �  �.    �       �    
�   o  
  � �z   B    C   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��                  @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  :.  �  U.    �       �   �N    	�   �  3.  N  ~.   
�   p     �   �      �   H     �       �    
�   q  
  � �z   B+   C.   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # . + 
        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  3.  �  a.    �       �    
�   r  
  � �z   B+   C.   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # . + 
        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  E.    s.    �       �    
�   s  
  � �z   B   C%   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     # 
 %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     Y.  N  ~.    �       �   �N    	�   F  Z.  �  �.   
�   t     �   �      �   G     �       �    
�   u  
  � �z   B+   C+   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ $ + +         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   F  Z.  q  �.    �       �    
�   v  
  � �z   B+   C)   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ % ) +         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  g.  �  �.    �       �    
�   w  
  � �z   B   C%   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     #  %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  s.  �  �.    �       �   �N    	�   �  Z.  {  �.   
�   x     �   �      �   F     �       �    
�   y  
  � �z   B+   C*   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    * + $ %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  n.    �.    �       �    
�   z  
  � �z   B+   C)   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    ) + $ $          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   %  b.  P  �.    �       �    
�   {  
  � �z   B   C&D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    & $           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   n  Z.  {  �.    �       �   �N    	�   q  .    ~.   
�   |     �   �      �   E     �       �    
�   }  
  � �z   B0   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    1 0 " "          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   q  M.  �  ~.    �       �    
�   ~  
  � �z   B0   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    1 0 " "          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  0.  �  a.    �       �    
�     
  � �z   B    C)   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    )   "           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  .    D.    �       ��   �N    	�   �  �,  �  2.   
�   �     �   �      �   D     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B.   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  $ " 1 .       $     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  .  -  2.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B.   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  $ ! 1 .       $     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �-  G  �-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B.   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  $ " 1 .       $     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   2  u-  `  �-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B.   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  $ ! 1 .       $     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   L  /-  z  `-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B0   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  $ " 1 0       $     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   e  �,  �  -    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B.   C/   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��  " " / .       "     @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  �,    �       �   �N    	�   �  ,  C  �,   
�   �     �   �      �   C     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B3   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    4 3            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  l,  �  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B4   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    4 4            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  ?,  	  s,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B3   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    4 3            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     ,  C  E,    �       �N   �N    	�   0  ,  �  �,   
�   �     �   �      �   B     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B3   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 3         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   0  ,  c  D,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B5   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 5         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   \  J,  �  ~,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B3   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 3         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B-   C*   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       * -         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  �,    �       �   �N    	�   �  �,  s  �,   
�   �     �   �      �   A     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B,   C/   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    / , $ !          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B.   C/   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    / . # #          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �,  C  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    '  $           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   [  �,  s  �,    �       �   �N    	�   `  �,  �  ;-   
�   �     �   �      �   @     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B5   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 5         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   `  �,  �  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B3   C5   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       5 3         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  -    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B4   C6   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       6 4         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  -  �  ;-    �       �   �N    	�     ,-  �  w-   
�   �     �   �      �   ?     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C-   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # - + 
        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     ,-  ,  Y-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C-   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # - + 
        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   G  >-  r  k-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C&D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ 	 &         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  Q-  �  w-    �       �   �N    	�   �  -  ;  w-   
�   �     �   �      �   >     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B0   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    1 0 " "          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  F-  �  w-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B0   C0   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    0 0 " "          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  )-    Y-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B    C(   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    (   "           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     -  ;  �       �   �N    	�   -  �,  �  6-   
�   �     �   �      �   =     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B/   C3   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    3 / " !          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   -  -  \  6-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B/   C1   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    1 / " !          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   p  �,  �  -    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C"   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     "  "            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  �,    �       �   �N    	�   �  ~,  k  �,   
�   �     �   �      �   �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B2   C3   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    3 2 !            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B3   C3   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    3 3 ! "          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �,  5  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B(   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    , ( !           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   C  ~,  k  �,    �       �   �N    	�   Z  ~,    �,   
�   �     �   �      �   ;     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B1   C2   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     !   2 1         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   Z  ~,  �  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B3   C3   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     ! ! 3 3         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B)   C.   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     !  . )         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,    �,    �       �   �N    	�   �  �,  �  -   
�   �     �   �      �   :     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     # # , +         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  #  �,    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B,   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ $ , ,         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   >  �,  j  
-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C&D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ 
 &         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  -    �       �   �N    	�   �  �,  .  6-   
�   �     �   �      �   9     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # , +         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  -    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B-   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ % , -         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �   -    ,-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C&D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ 	 &         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     -  .  6-    �       �   �N    	�   (  -  �  C-   
�   �     �   �      �   8     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B(   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     % % ' (         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   (  -  P  9-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B(   C(   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     % % ( (         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   q  -  �  ?-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     %  '          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  -  �  C-    �       �   �N    	�   �  -  ]  h-   
�   �     �   �      �   7     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C.   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # . + 
        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  -  �  K-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C.   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # . + 
        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     /-  /  ]-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C%   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     # 	 %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   L  C-  ]  h-    �       �   �N    	�   P  �,  �  f-   
�   �     �   �      �   6     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B2   C0   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    0 2   "          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   P  6-  �  f-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B1   C0   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    0 1   !          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  -  �  D-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B%   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    , %             @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  $-    �       �   �N    	�   �  �,  �  )-   
�   �     �   �      �   5     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B(   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     &% ' (         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,    -    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B'   C)   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     &$ ) '         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   8  �,  _  $-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     %  '          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  -  �  )-    �       �   �N    	�   �  �,     )-   
�   �     �   �      �   4     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B'   C)   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    ) ' % $          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �   -  �  )-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B(   C(   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    ( ( % %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �,  �  "-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C&D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     & &           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �,     -    �       �   �N    	�     �,  �  6-   
�   �     �   �      �   3     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C+   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ % + +         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �,  F  !-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C+   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ % + +         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   c  -  �  .-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C&D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $  &         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  -  �  6-    �       �N   �N    	�   �  -  M   .   
�   �     �   �      �   2     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B1   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 1 !        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  -  �  N-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B1   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 1 !        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  Y-  �  �-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B2   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 2          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �  �-  &   �-    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B1   C4   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��       4 1 !        @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �      �-  M   .    �       �   �N    	�   L   �-  �   ..   
�   �     �   �      �   1     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B(   C*   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    * ( &$          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   L   .  t   ..    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B(   C*   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    * ( % %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �   �-  �   &.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B	   C%   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     % 	 %            @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �   �-  �   .    �       �   �N    	�   �   �-  �!  B.   
�   �     �   �      �   0     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     $ # , +         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �   �-  !  %.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B,   C,   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     # $ , ,         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   (!  .  T!  7.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C%   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     # 
 %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   o!  .  �!  B.    �       �   �N    	�   y!  .  "  B.   
�   �     �   �      �   /     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C*   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    * + # %          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   y!  .  �!  B.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B+   C*   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    * + # $          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �!  .  �!  5.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��    '  $           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   
"  .  "  (.    �       �   �N    	�   "  .  �"  0.   
�   �     �   �      �   .     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B$   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     % # ' $         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   "  .  8"  *.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B'   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     % % ' '         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   ["  .  �"  -.    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��     %  '          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �"  	.  �"  0.    �       �   �N    	�   �"  �-  G#  ..   
�   �     �   �      �   -     �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B-   C/   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��   
 / - $ #          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �"  �-  �"  ..    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B-   C/   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��   
 / - $ #          @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   �"  �-  #  .    �       �    
�   �  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��   	 '  $           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �   3#  �-  G#  .    �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �   ,     �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   +     �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �   *     �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   )     �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �   (     �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   '     �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �   &�       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   %     �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �   $     �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   #     �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �   "     �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   !     �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �         �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �   
 �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �     
  � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�   �   
  � �6   �   	 �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �     	  � 
�   �   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�       
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       �    
�      
  � �z   B2  C'   D   E�   F�     �    �7�� �  �  �      ��      % 2' 2         @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �        �       � 
�      
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       �l   �N    	�   �  �1  (  2   
�        �   �      �        �       �N    
�     
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  �1    2    �       �N    
�     
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   ?  �1  d  2    �       �N    
�     
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  �1  �  2    �       �N    
�     
  3 �   ���  �  �     �   �  �1  �  2    �       �    
�   	  
  � �z   B   C'   D   E�   F�     �    ���  �  �  �      ��      %  '           @ �  �  �  �  �` �  �     �1  (  2    �       � 
�   
   
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�      
  # �   �   �     �   
     �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �   	     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       � 
�      
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       �p   �b    	�     a&�  �& 
�        �   �    # "�   �    �      �   ]     �       �H   B
�     
  # �   ��  �    �     �&q  �&�       �    
�     
  � �r   Bc   Cf   D   E�   F�     �    �    �  �  �      ��  f c 2       f 
    @ �  �  �  �` �  �   n  a&�  �&�       � 
�      
  # �   �   �     �        �       �r    
�      
  � �6   �    �     �     �     �     �    �   �   �     �        �        �       �\   �N    	�   O   �,  �!  �-   
�        �   �      �        �       �H   B
�     B
  # �   ��  �    �   �   �,  �!  p-    �       �    
�     
  � �r   Bq   C`   D   E�   F�     �    �    �  �  �      ��K     U q ` K   
    @ �  �  �  �` �  �   O   A-  �   �-    �       �H   �
�      
  C �       A   �  � 	   �   �     �       �H   �
�      
  C �       A   �  � 	   �   �     �       �H   �
�      
  C �       A   �  � 	   �   �     �       �Z   �
�      
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �       �H   �
�       
  C �       A   �  � 	   �   �     �       �H   �
�   !   
  C �       A	   �  � 	   �   �     �       �Z   �
�   #   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �       �Z   �
�   (   
  s �*       �    A      �  �	 	 ?    �   �     �       �Z   �
�   -   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �       �Z   �
�   .   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �       �Z   �
�   /   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �       �H   �
�   2   
  C �       A   �  � 	   �   �     �       �Z   �
�   4   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �       �H   �
�   5   
  C �       A   �  � 	   �        �       ��   �
�   6   
  c �R       A   �  � 	 ��.   �  `    ����    ����+T  `T  +T  `T      ����      �         �       �H   �
�   :   
  C �       A"   �  � 	   �   �     �   3    �Z   �
�   >   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   /    �Z   �
�   ?   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   '    �H   �
�   @   
  C �       A   �  � 	   �   �     �       �H   �
�   A   
  C �       A
   �  � 	   �   �     �       �Z   �
�   B   
  s �*       �    A       �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   
    �Z   �
�   C   
  s �*       �    A#      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   	    �Z   �
�   D   
  s �*       �    A$      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �       �Z   �
�   E   
  s �*       �    A&   �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   3    �H   �
�   H   
  C �       A(   �  � 	   �   �     �   
    �H   �
�   I   
  C �       A)   �  � 	   �   �     �   5    �Z   �
�   J   
  s �*       �    A*      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   (    �Z   �
�   M   
  s �*       �    A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   5    �H   �
�   O   
  C �       A   �  � 	   �   �     �   7    �T   �
�   P   
  c �$       A      �  � 	 ?    �   �     �   /    �B    
�        S �   �   �    �   	   ?    �           �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �                   	  
                                           !  "  #  $  %  &  '  (  )  *  +  ,  -  .  /  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  :  ;    =  >  ?  @  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  J  T  �  E  @  �  Q  T    �  �  �  -  �  �  Z  _  `  c  3  n  q  �  �  �  �  j  q  �/  6  ����H  0%  |)  t@    5  ����   \&�  t       �  6    �  t       G  �  �  �  t       �  D    d  t       y  �  �  i  t       +  ,
  Z  L  t       �  �	  �  P  t       �  �  �  �  t       �  �  \  �  t       �  �  �  �  t       N  �  }  �  t     
  N  `  �  {  t       �  �     �  t       �	  �  ,  �  t       �	  `  �  {  t       �  �  �	  �  t        X    �  9  t     �  X    y    t     �  �    
  9  t     �  �    �    t     �  ?    }  9  t     �  ?    `    t     �  �    �  9  t     �  �    �    t     �  %    c  9  t     �  %    F    t     �  �	    �  9  t     �  �	    �    t     �      J  9  t     �      -    t     �  ~    �  9  t     �  ~    �    t     �  �     C  +  t     �  �   �  "    t     �  �   �  C  �	  t     �  �   �  "  �	  t     �  �   -  C  S  t     �  �     "  6  t     �  �   �  C  �  t     �  �   �  "  �  t     �  r  S  8  y  t     �  r  B  "  \  t     �  V  �  -    t     �  V  �  $  �  t     �  �  �  ?    t     �    �  �    t     �  q  �    "  t     �  �  �  y  "  t     �  D  �  �    t     �  �  �  E  �  t     �    �  �    t     �  ~  �    	  t     �  �  �  �  	  t     �  H  �  �  F  t     �  �  �  U  H  t     �     �  �  #  t     �  �  �  &    t     �  �  �  �  �  t     �  R  ^  �  �  t     �  �  ^  c  �  t     �  %  �  �    t     �  �  �  3  W  t     �  �    �  W  t     �  X  �  �    t     �  �  {  k  �  t     �  (  �  �  �  t     �  �  �  ;  �  t     �  �  �  �    t     |  i  �    ^  t     x  �  :  s  x  t     t  >  :  �  x  t     p  �    F  ^  t     k      �  �  t     g  v
  �    
  t     c  �	  �  |
    t     _  L	  �  �	    t     [  �  �  L	    t     W    �  �    t     S  �  �      t     O  �  �  �    t     K  W  �  �    t     J  �  �  W    t     F  (  �  �    t     E  �  �  (    t       \  �  �  �  t       0����   !     t         ]   �  �  t       �  ]   �  �  t       �  ]     �  t       �  S   �  Y  t     ?  �  U  I  0  t       b  �   c  �  t         V  �  �  t     A  �  �
  �  �
  t     @  b  �
  �  �
  t     >     H   �  �   t     =  d  �     �  t       �  �  y    t     ;  ?  �  �    t     :  �  �  U  �  t     9    �  �  �  t     8  r  �  %  �  t     7  �  k  �  t  t     6  H  Z  �  �  t     5  �  �  W    t     4    �  �  k  t     3  �  K  (  �  t     2  �  �  �    t     1  W  �  �  &  t     0  �    j  X  t     /  (  >  �  }  t     .  �  [  3  �  t     -  �  �  �  �  t     ,  b  �  �  	  t     +  �  �  h  	  t     *  3  �  �  �  t     )  �  �  D  �	  t     (    i	  �  �	  t     '  m  �	    �	  t     &  �  �	  v  
  t     %  >  �	  �  /
  t     $  �  
  B  ?
  t     #    
  �  L
  t     "  {
  '
    S
  t     !  �	  -
  ~
  r
  t        I	  N
  �	  �
  t       �  p
  M	  �
  t         �
  �  �
  t       �  �
    �
  t       �  �
  �  �
  t       W  �
  �  �
  t       �  �
  W  �
  t       (  �
  �  �
  t       �  �
  *  �
  t       �  �
  �  �
  t       `  �
  �  �
  t       b  �
  :  �
  t       �  �  H  �  t       @  �  g  �  t       �  �  �  �  t       _	  �  4  �  t       �  �  �	  �  t       o  �  	  �  t       �  �  �  �  t       �  �  l  �  t       @  �  g  �  t     
  �  �  �  �  t     	  �  �  `  _  t       ���������!    t     >  ����    �!  P  t       ����   t"  g  t       ��������?   =  t     ?  0����
  X   l  t       0����  !  �(  t     :  �����  �#  �  t        ����4����   �  t     !  0���    �  �  t     @  +���    �!  �  t     #  ����l  !  �5  t     O  5���H  w"  �  t     A  ����e  +#  K  t     P  0���M  �  �4  t     B  |����   �  Q  t     C  ���������#  o  t     E      [  t"  27  t     D      �  t"  l  t     H  ��������!#  P  t     (      �     �/  t     -  |���    !  �  t     .  `���|���!  S  t     M  L���P  t"  �6  t     /      ;  !    t     I  �����   $    t     2  0�������[   s  t     J  0����   �$  �  t     4  ����h  �#  �  t                   #   $   B   D   K   M   `   m   x   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �         )  C  I  K  L  X  \  c  d  i  �  �  �  �  �  �    1  4    T  Y  t  x  �  	  
      m  o  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �        6  :  ?  B  M  V  Z  [  ]  ^  l  p  q  r  u  y  |  }  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  V  [  |  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  !  #  =  >  @  A  B  O  Z  [  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      ?  A  a  b  d  e  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      
          #  '  )  +  4  :  D  H  I  J  O  ]  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  	  	  "	  4	  8	  j	  m	  t	  w	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  
  
  
  
  C
  G
  H
  L
  \
  ^
  j
  m
  ~
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
  �
      .  0  9  E  L  Q  U  `  i  s  u  v  x  y  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �          4  5  =  E  I  J  N  V  b  c  g  n  {  |  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �          "  )  8  =  S  `  �  �  �  �  �  �  �          )  4  :  ;  =  >  ~  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �              ,  8  H  I  T  U  b  c  �  �  �  �  �        9  I  M  Z  [  \  ^  _  o  x  �  �  �  �        0  8  H  N  ^  b  t  |  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      i  j  s  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      1  2  N  O  j  k  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �         "  %  2  C  G  X  e  {  ~  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �          ]  m  t  �  �  �  �  �              1  7  :  H  K  L  ]  n  w  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  ?  @  m  {  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      !  )  ;  >  P  S  `  c  q  r  {  }  �  �  �  �  �  �          '  *  +  /  0  1  5  8  @  D  T  X  Y  [  ^  a  e  g  j  l  n  p  s  t  w  |  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      7  E  j  k  n  o  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      !  "    H  S  T  W  X  Y  ]  o  s  �  �  �  �          !  $  %  (  )  *  :  M  N  S  Z  _  i  z  �  �  �  �  �  p  �  �  �  a  c  g  u  x  �  �  �        6  7  :  >  L  P  w  {    �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �     !   &   :   J   K   X   a   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   !  !  !  !  +!  -!  4!  8!  =!  l!  �!  �!  �!  �!  �!  �!  �!  �!  )"  -"  ."  0"  ]"  ^"  �"  �"  �"  �"  �"  �"  �"  �"  �"  �"  #  #  #  #  X#  \#  `#  d#  e#  f#  p#  s#  t#  x#  y#  z#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#   $  $  $  $  	$  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  "$  #$  &$  ,$  ;$  =$  S$  T$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  �$  %  
%  %  %  %   %  !%  $%  '%  (%  8%  9%  C%  T%  t%  u%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  �%  &&&#&'&+&,&/&9&;&=&B&C&G&K&W&X&[&g&j&n&o&�&�&�&�&'  '  	'  '  '  '  '  '  '  $'  ,'  0'  2'  6'  7'  ;'  @'  E'  H'  I'  L'  M'  O'  P'  T'  Y'  ['  \'  ]'  p'  r'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �'  
(  (  #(  '(  ((  )(  1(  5(  9(  =(  C(  ^(  d(  n(  x(  }(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  �(  )  )  )  )  U)  V)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  �)  ]*  `*  f*  g*  �*  �*  �*  �*  +  +  +  +  #+  $+  (+  1+  6+  H+  _+  x+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  (,  *,  D,  E,  J,  Z,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  �,  -  /-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  �-  .  .  .  .  .  +.  ,.  E.  F.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  /  /  /  /  /  /  /  }/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       J   K   _   `   w   x   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �       (  )  F  I  K  L  m  o  �  �  �        �  V  �  �  B  O  Z  [  �  �  ?  A  �  �  �  �  P  ]  �  �  �  �  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	  �	      �  �  �        ~  �  �  �  �  �  ,  8  H  I  T  U  b  c  �  �  �  �  �  �          �  �      q  t  �  �  �  �  �  �      �  �  �  �  1  2  N  O  j  k  �  �  �  �  �  �  X  e  ]  m  2  5  K  L  ?  @  m  {  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �      !  "  &  '  ;    P  Q  `  a  q  r  {  }  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  i  z  �  �  �  �  o  p  `  a  �  �      6  7  �  �  �  �  �  �  J   K   �   �   �   �   !  !  T!  V!  a!  b!  k!  l!  �!  �!  ]"  ^"  �"  �"  �"  �"  #  #  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  �#  S$  T$  �$  �$  �$  �$  t%  u%  �%  �%  g&h&n&o&'  '  '  '  \'  ]'  �'  �'  �'  �'  �(  �(  �(  �(  )  )  )  )  U)  V)  ]*  _*  f*  g*  �*  �*  �*  �*  +  +  +  +  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  �+  D,  E,  �,  �,  �,  �,  .  .  .  .  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  /  /  /  /  /  /  /  }/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 3                     t  �  "  '  8!  V!  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  �.  /  /  /  
/  /  /  /  /  /  /  /   /  $/  &/  */  ,/  0/  2/  6/  8/  >/  B/  D/  H/  J/  O/  Q/  V/  X/  ]/  _/  d/  f/  i/  k/  l/  n/  r/  t/  u/  w/  {/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/  �/                                                                          ��    U s e r B C : \ W I N D O W S \ A p p l i c a t i o n   D a t a \ M i c r o s o f t \ W o r d \ 2QX[��R�V�_2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 2 . a s d  U s e r B C : \ W I N D O W S \ A p p l i c a t i o n   D a t a \ M i c r o s o f t \ W o r d \ 2QX[��R�V�_2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 2 . a s d  U s e r B C : \ W I N D O W S \ A p p l i c a t i o n   D a t a \ M i c r o s o f t \ W o r d \ 2QX[��R�V�_2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 2 . a s d  U s e r ! C : \ M y   D o c u m e n t s \ 2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 2 . d o c  u s e r  D : \ a b c \ 2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 3 . d o c  u s e r  D : \ a b c \ 2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 3 . d o c  u s e r  D : \ a b c \ 2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 3 . d o c  u s e r B C : \ W I N D O W S \ A p p l i c a t i o n   D a t a \ M i c r o s o f t \ W o r d \ 2QX[��R�V�_2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 3 . a s d  u s e r  D : \ a b c \ 2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJTW�eb 3 . d o c  u s e r  D : \ a b c \ 2 0 0 2 t^�QW1XJT. d o c  ������������ �V+4̄L��������� \,�^�z&��������� �	$.�
 �������� |��C��                 f1l&��nB��������� ��.,�.���������� �%�2XC�.��������� � �5ڞ���������� �8]����������� �D�M^���������� U�O�ʮ��������� x+�X~� ���������� 2%]�j�������� �`a��~����������                        ���0�� �^��`�0�o(    0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                         �� ��� �^�� `��o(    0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    #                   ����� �^�`���o(   0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        ���0�� �^��`�0�o(    0                        ���0�� �^��`�0�o(   0                       �����^��`���o(   )     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    #                    �- �{�� - ^�- `�{�o(   0                       �� �=�^�� `�=�o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                       �� �=�^�� `�=�o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        �� �=�^�� `�=�o(    )                         ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        ����^�`���o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        �;���^�;`���o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        �� �=�^�� `�=�o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        �� �=�^�� `�=�o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        �� �=�^�� `�=�o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        ����^�`���o(   )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .                        �� �=�^�� `�=�o(    )    �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .     �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    �                    �`	� �� `	^�`	`� �  0   �                    �@� �� @^�@`� �  .     �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  .    �                    � � ��  ^� `� �  0   �                    ��� �� �^��`� �  .    f1l&� �5            �	$            \,�            �            �V+            �`a            U�O            �D�M            2%]            �8            ��.            x+�X            �%�2            |�            ��������������������������������������������������������������                                 ��    �a � 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 "}�  	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 �~� 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 �v&恂Д�2A 	 	 	 	 	 	   l��� 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 @��G 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 �I�? 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 xQ
� 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 h22 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 @��G 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 ��d0 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 ���T 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 ��� 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 �B�q 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	    G  �/         �@�         �@�                   �                    	            $   .  �/  P      P      P      P      P      P      P      P      P  B    P  L    P  `    ��    U n k n o w n ��            ��     ��   ��    ��   ��       G�  �:              �       T i m e s   N e w   R o m a n   5�                   �    S y m b o l   3&�  �:              �       A r i a l   /E��  	                         jwiԚ  s&�                       F r u t i g e r   5 5   R o m a n   L u c i d a   S a n s   U n i c o d e   C��                          �e0}fԚ  P M i n g L i U      1�  �  h    ;i&;i&i&    �  �&     R                      �       ?  ! ) , . : ; ? ] } � �     " % & ' 2 t%00	00000000�1�3�4�6�8�:��@�B�D�O�P�Q�R�T�U�V�W�Z�\�^��	������\�]�d�                                                                            ( [ { � �   5 0
0000005�7�9�;�=�?�A�C�Y�[�]��[�                                              �� � ��               a/                                            .                             2�Q                                    ��        �_q}�ǌ�eR�g.YL��{tY/SX[�^KN�e���R       U s e r  u s e r                                                                                                                                  ��  
                    �����Oh�� +'��0   �        �      �      �      �      �      �             	   $     0  
   L     X     d     p     |     �     �     �     �     '   �q�έp��Ƥ��R����޲z�~�צs�����s�Ͷ�         q��      User p��       ser       ser      Normal �      user l �      2 er      Microsoft Word 9.0 �@    F�#    @    �d:ZR�@    �S�^R�@    �S�^R�         �     �&                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ��  
                    ��՜.�� +,��0           h      p      �      �      �      �      �      �      �      �      �      �      �        Home g.Y   R            a/     �
	                                  '   �q�έp��Ƥ��R����޲z�~�צs�����s�Ͷ�            ���D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               	   
                                                                      !   "   #   $   %   &'   (   )   *   +   ,   -   .   /   0   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   :   ;   =   >   ?   @   A   B   C   D   E   F   G   H   I   J   K   L   M   N   O   P   Q   R   S   T   U   V   W   X   Y   Z   [   \   ]   ^   _   `   a   b   c   d   e   f   g   h   i   j   k   l   m   n   o   p   q   r   s   t   u   v   w   x   y   z   {   |   }   ~      �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �   �                      	  
                                               !  "  #  $  %  &  '  (  )  *  +  ,  -  .  /  0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  :  ;    =  >  ?  @  A  B  C  D  E  F  G  H  I  J  K  L  M  N  O  P  Q  R  S  T  U  V  W  X  Y  Z  [  \  ]  ^  _  `  a  b  c  d  e  f  g  h  i  j  k  l  m  n  o  p  q  r  s  t  u  v  w  ����y  z  {  |  }  ~    �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �  �                     	  
                        ����              ����     !  "  #  $  %  ������������������������,  ������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������R o o t   E n t r y                                              ��������   	     �      F            �^^_R�.  �       1 T a b l e                                                       ������������                                    x  �;     W o r d D o c u m e n t                                             ��������                                        8�      S u m m a r y I n f o r m a t i o n                           (       ����                                              D o c u m e n t S u m m a r y I n f o r m a t i o n           8 ������������                                              C o m p O b j                                                        ����                                        f       O b j e c t P o o l                                               ������������                    �^^_R��^^_R�                                                                                ������������                                                   ���������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������������� ��
  ����	     �      F   Microsoft Word ��� 
   MSWordDoc    Word.Document.8 �9�q                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      We're fetching your file...Please wait a moment while we retrieve your file from its home on the internet




We're fetching your file...Please wait a moment while we retrieve your file from its home on the internet




