





AppSoft Technologies – Mobile Apps






























































what we doOur Company's primary products are mobile applications. Our Company develops new mobile applications and also acquires existing mobile applications (``apps``) in order to build a diverse portfolio of apps that will appeal to a wide range of industries and consumers.Take a tourMobile GamesWe develop new mobile apps and acquire existing ones in order to build a diverse portfolio for a wide range of industries and consumers. Learn moreSocial ApplicationsInteractive games and mobile appsTake a tourdLaw Legal Appslegal reference apps for AndroidTake a tourOur Company learn more about AppSoftMobile Games new horizons of playsocial apps connecting people and placesLegal Apps legal reference apps for Android







Investor Overview


To date Appsoft owns a portfolio of over 400 mobile apps consisting of approximately 200 game apps available on the Apple iTunes network and approximately 200 apps targeting the legal industry and are currently available on the Google Android Play Store.



our appsAppSoft Technologies, Inc. develops, publishes and markets mobile software applications for smartphones and tablet devices.
our teamEach member of our management team has an extensive background in mobile, digital and social media sales, advertising, operations, and technology and product development and deployment.
our modelWe plan to develop and acquire new Apps to expand our existing product offerings. We may seek to create games based on third-party brands, properties and other content, including those that we may license from the owners of television programs, cartoons, movies and toy manufacturers.








































APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


Company Address
1225 FRANKLIN AVE.SUITE 325GARDEN CITY, NY 11530


Company Phone
5162247717


Company Website
www.appsofttechnologies.com


CEO
Brian Kupchik


Employees  (as of 2/3/2016) 
2


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
12/31


Status
Filed (9/4/2015)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.50


Shares Offered
1,000,000


Offer Amount
$500,000.00


Total Expenses
$16,658.10


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
5,110,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001651992




We estimate that our proceeds from this Offering, assuming all Shares are sold,
will be $500,000 (based on an assumed offering price of $0.50 per share). The
following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale of 25%, 50%,
75%, and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered for sale by us.

                                        If 25% of       If 50% of       If 75% of       If 100% of   
                                        Shares          Shares          Shares          Shares       
                                        Sold            Sold            Sold            Sold          
Net Proceeds                            $   125,000     $   250,000     $   375,000     $    500,000  
                                                                                                      
Develop and Acquisition of Apps         $    25,000     $    80,000     $   150,000     $    215,000  
                                                                                                      
Update Existing App Portfolio           $    25,000     $    25,000     $    25,000     $     25,000  
                                                                                                      
Advertising and Marketing               $    10,000     $    30,000     $    45,000     $     67,500  
                                                                                                      
Fees for Public Company Reporting                                                                    
Requirements                            $    25,000     $    25,000     $    25,000     $     25,000  
                                                                                                      
Staffing                                $    10,000     $    30,000     $    45,000     $     67,500  
                                                                                                      
General Working Capital                 $    30,000     $    60,000     $    85,000     $    100,000  
                                                                                                      
TOTAL                                   $   125,000     $   250,000     $   375,000     $    500,000  

We will receive all proceeds from the sale of the common stock and intend to use
the proceeds from this Offering, to continue implementing the business and
marketing plan. The expenses of this Offering, including the preparation of this
prospectus and the filing of this registration statement, estimated at $16,700
are being paid for by us. Our budgetary allocations may vary, however, depending
upon the percentage of proceeds that we obtain from the Offering. For example,
we may determine that it is more beneficial to allocate funds toward securing
potential financing and business opportunities in the short term rather than to
conserve funds to satisfy continuous disclosure requirements for a longer
period.


Developing, distributing and selling Apps is a highly competitive business,
characterized by frequent product introductions and rapidly emerging new
platforms, technologies and storefronts. With respect to competing for consumers
of our game related Apps, we will compete primarily on the basis of game
quality, brand and customer reviews. We will compete for promotional and digital
storefront placement based on these factors, as well as our relationship with
the storefront owner, historical performance, perception of sales potential and
relationships with licensors of brands, properties and other content. With
respect to our legal Apps, we will compete on the basis of providing the most up
to date content, the App’s ease of use (navigation and readability) and its
price as compared to similar product offerings. We also will compete for
experienced and talented employees and independent contractors. 

We believe that our small size will allow provide us a competitive edge for the
time being and allow us to make quick decisions as to product development to
take advantage of consumer preferences at a particular point in time. 

With respect to our game Apps, we compete with a continually increasing number
of companies, including industry leaders such as Activision, DeNA, Disney,
Electronic Arts (EA Mobile), Gameloft, GREE, GungHo Online Entertainment, King
Digital Entertainment, Nexon, Warner Brothers and Zynga and many well-funded
private companies, including Kabam, Machine Zone, Rovio, Storm 8/Team Lava and
Supercell. We could also face increased competition if large companies with
significant online presences such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook or Yahoo,
choose to enter or expand in the games space or develop competing games. 

In addition, given the open nature of the development and distribution for
smartphones and tablets, we also compete or will compete with a vast number of
small companies and individuals in all of our segments who are able to create
and launch Apps and other content for these devices using relatively limited
resources and with relatively limited start-up time or expertise. As an example
of the competition that we face, it has been estimated that more than 1.4
million applications, including more than 300,000 active games, were available
on Apple’s U.S. App Store as of December 31, 2014. The proliferation of titles
in these open developer channels makes it difficult for us to differentiate
ourselves from other developers and to compete for players and users who
purchase content for their devices without substantially increasing marketing or
development costs. 

With respect to our legal-related Apps, we compete with a number of well
established companies that offer similar Apps, including LexisNexis, WestLaw,
CCH, BNA and Bloomberg Law Reports. We may face increased competition from
established or newly organized entities and from the governmental offices and
agencies that promulgate the laws and regulations that are the subject of our
Apps, should they decide to make versions of such laws and regulations available
to consumers.

Most of our competitors and our potential competitors have one or more
advantages over us, including: 

· significantly greater financial and personnel resources; 

· stronger brand and consumer recognition; 

· the capacity to leverage their marketing expenditures across a broader 
  portfolio of mobile and non-mobile products; 

· more substantial intellectual property of their own; 

· lower labor and development costs and better overall economies of scale; and

· broader distribution and presence.


Company Description
AppSoft develops, publishes and markets mobile software applications for
smartphones and tablet devices (“Apps”). We currently own a portfolio comprising
over 400 Apps titles including games designed to appeal to a broad cross section
of consumers and legal-related Apps that provide compilations of


 federal and
state laws and regulations across a variety of legal disciplines and digests of
court decisions rendered by federal courts. Consumers download our Apps through
direct-to-consumer digital storefronts, such as the Apple App Store and Google
Play Store. We currently generate revenue from sales, or downloads, or of Apps
and from advertisements published on our ad supported game titles.

Some of our most popular titles include:

            Games                   Legal Related Titles       
Jumping Chicken               Bankruptcy Code                  
Raid Pro                      Code of Federal Regulations (CFR)
Ancient Man Warrior           Legal Dictionary                 
Axe The Brave - Dragon Slayer US Supreme Court Cases           
Apocalypse Jump Pro           New York Penal Code              
Avro Avenger Pro              United States Code               

We offer all of our game titles in both a free advertisement-supported version
and a paid version that does not display ads. We believe that the ad supported
versions allow for wider dissemination of our titles to consumers who might not
otherwise spend money for an App without first playing the game. We are in the
process of migrating the game programs into our corporate structure which may
take some time in view of the fact that, in some cases, our contract programmers
must rewrite certain lines of code in the game.

When we acquired our portfolio of Apps, the content of all of our legal-related
titles was out of date in that they did not include laws and regulations adopted
since the time they were last updated or make reference to legal decisions
rendered during the period between the last update and the date we acquired
them. We have started the process of updating the content and are focusing our
initial efforts on titles that we believe have the greatest revenue generating
potential. In order to generate consumer interest in our legal-related titles
and increase downloads and avoid returns, we will be have to update and maintain
content on a consistent basis.

Over the last several years, mobile devices, including smartphone and tablets,
have proliferated extensively around the world across a wide range of
demographic groups. The mobile Apps industry has experienced corresponding
growth in the number of downloads, the number and types of Apps published. We
believe that there will continue to be an increase in the number of smartphones
and tablets sold. In addition, technological advances to these devices,
including more powerful smartphones and tablets with larger screens make mobile
Apps provide a platform for more diverse Apps and make games more fun and
visually appealing. We believe that technological developments will continue to
drive growth in our industry for the foreseeable future.

Each member of our management team has an extensive background in mobile, 
digital and social media sales, advertising, operations, and technology and 
product development and deployment. We expect to leverage management’s industry
experience and the contacts they have developed to our advantage. 

We plan to develop and acquire new Apps to expand our existing product
offerings. We may seek to create games based on third-party brands, properties
and other content, including those that we may license from the owners of
television programs, cartoons, movies and toy manufacturers. We expect to
develop games that can be downloaded without charge that offer in-game currency
and in-game purchasing as additional revenue streams. We also may seek to
develop social media and other Apps. We will rely on third party designers,
developers and programs to develop new Apps. We also will solicit ideas for new
titles from unrelated parties. We evaluate prospects based on a variety of
factors. If we conclude that a particular prospect is worth pursuing, we may
fund the development of the App through launch and beyond.

We market, sell and distribute our games through direct-to-consumer digital
storefronts, such as Apple’s App Store and the Google Play Store. We currently
or expect to advertise our Apps through the digital storefronts, our own
website, social media, such as Facebook and LinkedIn, through mobile ad networks
and search engine optimization (SEO) tools.
---

We were incorporated in the State of Nevada in March 2015.

We maintain our corporate offices at 1225 Franklin Avenue, Suite 325, Garden
City, New York, where our telephone number is (516) 224-7717. We maintain a
corporate website at www.appsofttechnologies.com. Email: 
bkupchik@appsofttechnologies.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$518


Net Income
-$16,728


Total Assets
$69,003






Total Liabilities
$2,000


Stockholders' Equity
$67,003




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 5 Total: 5
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
424B3
2/3/2016
Filing



APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
S-1/A
1/7/2016
Filing



APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
S-1/A
12/9/2015
Filing



APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
S-1/A
10/30/2015
Filing



APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
S-1
9/4/2015
Filing







Experts


Auditor
George Stewart, CPA


Company Counsel
Ruffa & Ruffa, P.C


Transfer Agent
VStock Transfer, LLC


Underwriter
Self-underwritten


Underwriter Counsel
Ruffa & Ruffa, P.C






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Jumei Announces Resignation of Director
                        



	                     3:49AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            FOREX-Dollar rises from 13-month low before Fed decision
                        



	                     3:25AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Dutch telco KPN's profit lifted by cost cuts, retail gains
                        



	                     3:16AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Hyundai Motor profit slumps, warns China, U.S. sales malaise to persist
                        



	                     3:10AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































AppSoft Technologies Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















appsoft technologies inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
AppSoft Technologies, Inc. offers software application. The Company develops, publishes, and markets mobile software applications for smartphones and tablet devices. AppSoft Technologies operates in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1225 Franklin Avenue
Suite 325
Garden City, NY 11530
United States


Phone:
1-516-224-7717


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.appsofttechnologies.com





Board Members




President/Secretary
Company


Brian Kupchik
Appsoft Technologies Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Brian Kupchik


President/Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































AppSoft Technology: Welcome









  

Loading




  









  










  
 






 
 
 
 
 








© 2011 AppSoft Technology.  All rights reserved.
   
Privacy Policy
   
Legal Notice
   
webmaster   












APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES INC - ATLANTA, GA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



ATLANTA



Business Services, Nec



Business Services, Nec



                            APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES INC
                                    



 





















A 


APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



950 W PEACH ST N 1414 1414 N ATLANTA, GA 30309
Get Directions



(770) 792-1399





Business Info



 Founded 2001
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $99,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services, Nec
 Contacts STEPHEN QUARLES







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Appsoft Technologies Inc was founded in 2001, and is located at 950 W Peach St N 1414 1414 N in Atlanta. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $99,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















    ASFT Key Statistics - AppSoft Technologies Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































AppSoft Technologies Inc.

                  OTC: ASFT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

AppSoft Technologies Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min



ASFT

/quotes/zigman/89646030/delayed


$
0.00




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume n/a
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/89646030/delayed
Previous close

$



$
				0.00
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            n/a
        

            n/a
        

















			Company Description 


			Appsoft Technologies, Inc. engages in the provision of software solutions. It develops, published and markets mobile software applications for smart phones and tablet devices. It offers a range of products including games available in the Apple iTunes and Google play stores. The company was founded ...
		


                Appsoft Technologies, Inc. engages in the provision of software solutions. It develops, published and markets mobile software applications for smart phones and tablet devices. It offers a range of products including games available in the Apple iTunes and Google play stores. The company was founded in March 2015 and is headquartered in Garden City, NY.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-658.22


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-640.96


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-603.58


Enterprise Value to Sales
91,549.71

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
2,037.00


Income Per Employee
-278,380.00



Profitability

Operating Margin
-13,626.95


Pretax Margin
-13,666.18


Net Margin
-13,666.18

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
148.76


Total Debt to Total Capital
59.63


Total Debt to Total Assets
45.34


Long-Term Debt to Equity
148.76


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
59.63




Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/asft

      MarketWatch News on ASFT
    
No News currently available for ASFT





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/asft

      Other News on ASFT
    




 10-Q: APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
3:33 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Appsoft Technologies, Inc.
1225 Franklin Avenue
Suite 325

Garden City, New York 11530-4413




Phone
1 5162247717


Industry
Software


Sector
Technology


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$2,037


Net Income
$-278,380


Employees

        1.00


Annual Report for ASFT











/news/pressrelease/company/us/asft

      Press Releases on ASFT
    
No News currently available for ASFT







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:09 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:51aBrits don’t want America’s chlorinated chickens in their supermarkets
3:50a3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash
3:50aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
3:31aNintendo holds to Switch sales view despite demand
3:21aPetrofac wins $100 million in contracts in Iraq
3:10aGKN earnings rise, offers upbeat 2017 outlook 
3:09aFrench consumer confidence drops sharply
3:09aTullow Oil swings to loss on impairment
3:07aITV rises 2.7% after dividend hike 
3:05aGermany's DAX opens 1 point lower at 12,262.19
3:05aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.1% higher at 5,166.18 
3:04aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% higher at 7,450.08
3:04aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 381.02
3:00aAntofagasta gold, copper production rises 
2:46aThree ways Draghi could burn the euro bulls
2:33aFresnillo gold, silver production rises
2:32aITV profit falls 16%, but dividend is raised
2:32aHow China, not Trump trade, is now lifting copper
2:30aAustralian inflation more muted than seen
2:16aKPN on track to achieve targets as profit rises
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


































































 




Appsoft Technologies, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

2U, Inc.
3D Pioneer Systems, Inc.
3D Systems
3Dfx Interactive Inc
3Do Co
724 Solutions
A.D.A.M. Inc.
APP Incline Corp
APT Systems
AVAST Software B.V.
AVG Technologies N.V.
AXS-One
Accelrys
Accelrys
Acclaim Entertainment



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Appsoft Technologies, Inc.




Appsoft Technologies, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Services-prepackaged softwareAddress

1225 Franklin Ave., Garden City, NY 11530
Phone
5162247717



Sample Contracts



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Contract
(May 15th, 2017)
THIS 8% SENIOR CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE IS NON-NEGOTIABLE BY THE HOLDER AND MAY NOT BE SOLD< TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE GRANTED AS SECURITY. THE COMPANY WILL NOT HONOR OR RECOGNIZE ANY TRANSFER OF THIS INSTRUMENT.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Common Stock Purchase Warrant Appsoft Technologies, Inc.
(November 21st, 2016)
THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the "Warrant") certifies that, for value received, [____________________________] or its assigns (the "Holder") is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issue Date and on or prior to the close of business on the three (3) year anniversary of the Issue Date (the "Expiration Date") but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), up to [_____________] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the "Warrant Shares") of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Common Stock Purchase Warrant Appsoft Technologies, Inc.
(November 21st, 2016)
THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the "Warrant") certifies that, for value received, [____________________________] or its assigns (the "Holder") is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issue Date and on or prior to the close of business on the three (3) year anniversary of the Issue Date (the "Expiration Date") but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), up to [_____________] shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the "Warrant Shares") of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Asset Transfer Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
IN CONSIDERATION of the provisions contained in this Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is consideration is acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Assignment and Transfer Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
This Assignment and Transfer Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into this 10th day of June, 2016 by and between Marc Seal ("Mr. Seal"), and AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation ("AppSoft") (AppSoft and Mr. Seal each, a "Party;" together, the "Parties").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of June 10th, 2016, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Gleb Kartsev ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Master Services Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into on June 6th, 2016 (the "Effective Date"), between Clayton Tapp ("Developer"), with its principal place of business located at 2036 Blaeberry School Road Golden, BC, Canada V0A 1H0 and AppSoft Technologies, Inc ("Client"), with its principal place of business located at 1225 Franklin Ave Suite 325 Garden City, NY 11530.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of June 10, 2016, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Joseph Cheng ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of June 10, 2016, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Nathan Cavanaugh ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of June 10, 2016, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Marc A. Seal ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of June 10, 2016, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Seven Plus Two LLC ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Master Services Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into on June 10th, 2016 (the "Effective Date"), between David Sotir ("Developer"), with its principal place of business located at 4004 S Louise Ave, Apt 108, Sioux Falls, SD and AppSoft Technologies, Inc ("Client"), with its principal place of business located at 1225 Franklin Ave Suite 325 Garden City, NY 11530.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Master Services Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into on June 10, 2016 (the "Effective Date"), between Gnomish Games ("Developer"), with its principal place of business located at 3680 Pomo Drive Reno, NV 89503 and Appsoft Technologies, Inc ("Client"), with its principal place of business located at 1225 Franklin Ave Suite 325 Garden City, NY 11530.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Master Services Agreement
(June 16th, 2016)
THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into on June 10, 2016 (the "Effective Date"), between Shawn Burdon ("Developer"), with its principal place of business located at 307-1397 West 71st Ave Vancouver, BC V6P 3B4 and AppSoft Technologies, Inc ("Client"), with its principal place of business located at 1225 Franklin Ave Suite 325 Garden City, NY 11530.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Promissory Note
(December 9th, 2015)
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Appsoft Technologies, Inc, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of State of Nevada, with offices at 1225 Franklin Ave Suite 325, Garden City, NY 11530 (the "Company"), promises to pay to the order of Jade Physical Therapy PC, a corporation, having an address at 557 Oak Street, Copaigue, NY 11726 (the "Holder"), the principal amount of Two Thousand Dollars ($2,000)("Principal Amount"), together with interest incurred thereon, all as hereinafter provided. Any payments of amounts due hereunder shall be in such currency of the United States at the time of payment as shall be legal tender for the payment public or private debts.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(October 30th, 2015)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of September 1st   , 2015, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Vitaliy Lozoviy ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Google Play Developer Distribution Agreement
(October 30th, 2015)
Authorized Carrier: A mobile network operator who is authorized to receive a distribution fee for Products that are sold to users of Devices on its network.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(October 30th, 2015)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of September 1st, 2015, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Svetlana Konopelko ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Contract
(October 30th, 2015)




Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(October 30th, 2015)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of September 1st , 2015, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Nikita Konopelko ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
V100
(October 30th, 2015)




Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(October 30th, 2015)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of September 1st, 2015, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Utehin Eugen ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Apple Inc. Developer Advertising Services Agreement
(October 30th, 2015)
This Agreement shall become effective on the date (the "Effective Date") it is signed electronically via the Company electronic signature process via the Apple iTunes Connect web portal (the "Portal" or "Company Portal").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Contract
(October 30th, 2015)




Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(October 30th, 2015)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of ___6/1_____, 2015, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Peter Nein ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Project Summary
(October 30th, 2015)




Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Consulting Agreement
(September 4th, 2015)
This Consulting Agreement (this "Agreement") is made as of __________, 2015, by and between AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Peter Nein ("Consultant").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF APPSOFT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (A Nevada Corporation)
ARTICLE I NAME
(September 4th, 2015)
The name and street address of the Corporation's registered agent in the State of Nevada is Nevada Processing Center, Inc., 6490 W. Desert Inn Rd., Las Vegas, NV 89146.



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Agreement
(September 4th, 2015)
This Agreement (this "Agreement") is made and entered into this 7 day of April, 2015 by and between Ventureo, LLC, a New York limited liability company ("Ventureo"), and AppSoft Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company").



Appsoft Technologies, Inc. –
Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation for Nevada Profit
Corporations (Pursuant to NRS 78.385 and 78.390 - After Issuance of Stock)
(September 4th, 2015)














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











Web Design & Search Engine Optimization Jacksonville







 
 



































Powering Innovative
Web Solutions
Full Service Digital Agency 


Get Started 

























<
									appsoft development >


Powerfully Innovative Web Development Solutions 





								Appsoft Development specializes in providing the highest quality of services for responsive website design, internet marketing, search engine optimization, e-commerce development, identity branding, mobile marketing, video production, social media marketing, corporate blogging, and pay-per-click management. If your site is not performing, our integrated team of web developers, creative designers, copy writers, SEO engineers, programmers and online marketing professionals have the experience and expertise to drive relevant traffic to your site.					
							



										Founded in 2004 and operating out of Jacksonville FL, our goal has always been to deliver the results our clients expect from their online marketing efforts. We believe, by building long term partnerships, we gain an understanding of the unique opportunities each client's business has to offer and can better help them to apply the latest web concepts for their Internet marketing campaigns. We offer an array of ongoing monthly services from which to choose as well as provide the hands-on training your staff needs for content management of web pages to include your banners, web copy, staff photos, bios, leads generation, photo galleries and online store.

Whether you are looking to develop a new brand on the web or need to fix the problems with your existing site, our talented team of professionals can put your company on the fast track to online success. Maybe you're wanting a higher rank in the major search engines, like Google and Bing. We can help. It all starts with our proven methods for identifying the key phrases needed to help drive useful web traffic to your site with targeted goals aimed at delivering a positive return on your investment. But to rank well in the SERPs (search engine results page), it is critical that your keyword research is correctly incorporated into original themed page content. This requires a thorough understanding of which key phrases your competitors are optimized for as well as what content will be relevant in providing answers for the most popular search queries.
 
Your company's website can be well optimized for a keyword phrase, but if users are not searching for it, you're not going to get targeted web traffic visiting your site. And, it really doesn't matter if your company's scope is national or local, our unique approach to managing successful online campaigns and e-commerce stores will produce the visibility you need to reach your target audience and guide your website's visitors to the category or landing pages that include your products and services. We don't believe that just optimizing a website is ever enough. To reach your search marketing goals, requires a thorough understanding of online media platforms that can maximize your opportunities and create the buzz needed for a viral response.

In addition to building an online presence for each client, we offer world class web service and internet marketing that guarantees your online presence meets your expectations. If you have had a bad experience with an inflexible graphic design firm then choose a professional web development agency that is focused on your needs and business objectives. Call or contact AppSoft today and make your online experience as pleasurable as it is profitable.
									






See our work 




Read More 


 


















 								Internet Lead Solutions								 
Great Experiences Build Great Brands							






Web Design

									Take your internet marketing to the next level with an attractive web design built to enhance your company's image. Ugly websites don't convert. Improve your visitor's online shopping experience with an attractive and functional website design.								














Applications Development


Content Management System


E-Commerce Website


Responsive Web Design







Learn More »





Web Marketing

									Imagine having qualified leads given to you on a daily basis. This is what online marketing can do for you. Laser target your potential customers by select demographics, such as target markets, buyer behaviors and consumer interests.								














Inbound Marketing


Mobile Marketing


Pay Per Click Management


Search Engine Optimization

 




Learn More »





Web Conversion

									Your website should do more than just display content. Don't waste another day with it just sitting idle. Our web development experts can expand the scope of your site to meet your consumers' demands for function and usability. 								














Identity Branding


Landing Page Design


Social Media Marketing


Video Email Marketing

 




Learn More »



















Collaborative Web Design
Development for a Responsively Designed Website















































Digital Branding Agency
Here's a selection of some of the projects we've created.









    



E3 Spark Plugs is a major manufacturer of spark plugs for automotive, trucks, motorcycles, ATV's, lawn and garden, snowmobiles, watercraft and high performance racing engines. AppSoft developed the company's original website, e-commerce store and responsive web design as well as provide ongoing management for SEO, PPC and social media campaigns.View Our Work Pilot Pen is the largest manufacturer in Japan of pens; they have subsidiaries throughout the world, including the Philippines, United Kingdom, Indonesia, Malaysia, India, Brazil, South Africa, Germany, France and the United States. AppSoft designed and developed the U.S. website and e-commerce store, as well as provided SEO content and branding for several new product lines.View Our Work Most business owners know they need to engage consumers via their smartphones and mobile devices but purchasing a mobile platform is outrageously expensive. Zip Dandy is an international provider of affordable mobile marketing solutions. AppSoft designed and developed their internet marketing affiliates and merchants site including search engine optimization.View Our Work Harrell and Harrell is one of Florida's largest and oldest personal injury law firms representing claims for vehicular accidents, medical malpractice, social security disability, railroad injuries, admiralty law, slip and fall lawsuits, aviation accidents and more. AppSoft created the web design, responsive mobile website and provides ongoing management for SEO, PPC and social media management. View Our Work The capacity for multilingual communication is quickly becoming a business essential. ProLingo provides the most advanced technologies, expert interpreters, and state-of-the-art project management around the globe. AppSoft created the company's online presence to include their web design, e-commerce store as well as ongoing SEO management and social media marketing.
View Our Work 




















Get Started Now!
Contact us and get an accurate quote for your project. More than 700 completed projects in 10 years. 







									Get Started Now! 									»



















Send Message















Back to Top



Overview



Services



Collaborative



Brand



Get Started!




























