










ASTERIKO CORP. IPO - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ASTERIKO CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ASTERIKO CORP.


Company Address
616 CORPORATE WAY, SUITE 2-6834VALLEY COTTAGE, NY 10989


Company Phone
845-512-5020


Company Website
www.asteriko.com


CEO
Ilia Tomski


Employees  (as of 12/2/2014) 
2


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
6/30


Status
Filed (7/29/2014)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.01


Shares Offered
10,000,000


Offer Amount
$100,000.00


Total Expenses
$9,513.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
15,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001614556




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of
shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per
share is $0.01. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the
sale of either 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered
for sale by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full
$100,000 as anticipated.

                          Scenario 1     Scenario 2     Scenario 3    Scenario 4
Expense Category           $25,000        $50,000        $75,000       $100,000
----------------           -------        -------        -------       --------
Legal and Professional     $ 9,500        $ 9,500        $ 9,500       $ 9,500
Administration             $ 1,650        $ 4,000        $ 6,000       $ 9,000
Design                     $ 1,650        $ 4,000        $ 6,000       $ 9,000
Salaries                   $ 3,000        $11,000        $18,000       $23,000
Advertising                $ 3,700        $11,000        $20,000       $26,000
Production                 $ 5,500        $10,500        $15,500       $23,500

The amounts actually spent for any specific purpose may vary and will depend on
a number of factors. Non-fixed cost, sales and marketing and general and
administrative costs may vary with business progress and development efforts,
general business conditions and market reception. Accordingly, our management
has broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds to non-fixed costs.

An example of changes to this spending allocation for non-fixed costs include
management deciding to spend less of the allotment on product development and
more on sales and marketing.

If necessary, Ilia Tomski, our President and Director has verbally agreed to
loan the company funds to complete the registration process. We will require
full funding to implement our complete business plan. If insufficient funds are
raised we plan to borrow funds from our management.


There is a small number of potential competitors that provide some elements of
what Asteriko Corp., will offer to its customers. However, no direct competition
exists since the product that our company develops is unique to design and
construction industry. It uses innovative technological solution that is low
cost and economical.

Several differences in application arise when comparing our technology to color
changing paint technology as well as some colored light arrangements. The main
difference in application is simplicity as one can imagine the installation of a
ceiling panel or wall panel compared to painting or running electricity. No
major surface preparation is required. Another significant difference is
flexibility of installation in terms of design and final appearance. Taking
rectangular grid ceiling panel as example, not only various ornamental
combinations could be applied right at the customer site but also customer is
left with the ability to adjust and even entirely change the appearance of the
ceiling by rotating and relocating individual panels.

There is also a difference in application of our innovative technology. Once we
fully launch operations we expect to compete successfully on a basis of price,
quality and novelty of our product.

Currently, our competitive position within the industry is negligible in light
of the fact that we have just recently started our operations.


Company Description
We are a development stage company with limited earnings to date and nominal
operations and assets with a focus on early-stage business activities such as
proof of concept development, small batch manufacturing and promoting our new
technology. Since incorporation, management has developed a


 detailed business
plan to provide customers with unique and innovative solution for their
decorative needs. Our initial product is lattice panels designed for suspended
ceiling. These panels will dynamically change the color of their surface with
the change of the viewing angle and / or the type of illumination.

Our aim is to develop Asteriko Corp. in phases. The first phase of development
will focus on design solutions. The second phase will be manufacturing.
---

Asteriko Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 17, 2014. Our
offices are located at 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-6834, Valley Cottage, NY
10989. Our phone number is (845) 512-5020. Our website: www.asteriko.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$569


Net Income
-$3,240


Total Assets
$6,415






Total Liabilities
$7,249


Stockholders' Equity
-$834




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 6 Total: 6
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
12/2/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
11/24/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
11/4/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
10/23/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
9/25/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1
7/29/2014
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Li and Company, P.C


Company Counsel
Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Transfer Agent
Self-underwritten


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Flushing Financial Corporation Announces Second Quarter GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.44 and Record Core D
                        



	                     5:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            PHOTO RELEASE— Ingalls Shipbuilding Successfully Completes  Builder’s Trials for Ralph Johnson (DDG
                        



	                     5:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Texas Instruments' profit beats on automotive, industrial demand
                        



	                     5:27PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Transocean Ltd. Provides Quarterly Fleet Status Report
                        



	                     5:26PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX






















































ASTERIKO CORP. IPO: Financials & Filings - NASDAQ.com



























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company Financials & Filings





ASTERIKO CORP. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ASTERIKO CORP.


Company Address
616 CORPORATE WAY, SUITE 2-6834VALLEY COTTAGE, NY 10989


Company Phone
845-512-5020


Company Website
www.asteriko.com


CEO
Ilia Tomski


Employees  (as of 12/2/2014) 
2


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
6/30


Status
Filed (7/29/2014)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.01


Shares Offered
10,000,000


Offer Amount
$100,000.00


Total Expenses
$9,513.00


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
15,000,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001614556




Our offering is being made on a self-underwritten basis: no minimum number of
shares must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per
share is $0.01. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the
sale of either 25%, 50%, 75% and 100%, respectively, of the securities offered
for sale by the Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full
$100,000 as anticipated.

                          Scenario 1     Scenario 2     Scenario 3    Scenario 4
Expense Category           $25,000        $50,000        $75,000       $100,000
----------------           -------        -------        -------       --------
Legal and Professional     $ 9,500        $ 9,500        $ 9,500       $ 9,500
Administration             $ 1,650        $ 4,000        $ 6,000       $ 9,000
Design                     $ 1,650        $ 4,000        $ 6,000       $ 9,000
Salaries                   $ 3,000        $11,000        $18,000       $23,000
Advertising                $ 3,700        $11,000        $20,000       $26,000
Production                 $ 5,500        $10,500        $15,500       $23,500

The amounts actually spent for any specific purpose may vary and will depend on
a number of factors. Non-fixed cost, sales and marketing and general and
administrative costs may vary with business progress and development efforts,
general business conditions and market reception. Accordingly, our management
has broad discretion to allocate the net proceeds to non-fixed costs.

An example of changes to this spending allocation for non-fixed costs include
management deciding to spend less of the allotment on product development and
more on sales and marketing.

If necessary, Ilia Tomski, our President and Director has verbally agreed to
loan the company funds to complete the registration process. We will require
full funding to implement our complete business plan. If insufficient funds are
raised we plan to borrow funds from our management.


There is a small number of potential competitors that provide some elements of
what Asteriko Corp., will offer to its customers. However, no direct competition
exists since the product that our company develops is unique to design and
construction industry. It uses innovative technological solution that is low
cost and economical.

Several differences in application arise when comparing our technology to color
changing paint technology as well as some colored light arrangements. The main
difference in application is simplicity as one can imagine the installation of a
ceiling panel or wall panel compared to painting or running electricity. No
major surface preparation is required. Another significant difference is
flexibility of installation in terms of design and final appearance. Taking
rectangular grid ceiling panel as example, not only various ornamental
combinations could be applied right at the customer site but also customer is
left with the ability to adjust and even entirely change the appearance of the
ceiling by rotating and relocating individual panels.

There is also a difference in application of our innovative technology. Once we
fully launch operations we expect to compete successfully on a basis of price,
quality and novelty of our product.

Currently, our competitive position within the industry is negligible in light
of the fact that we have just recently started our operations.


Company Description
We are a development stage company with limited earnings to date and nominal
operations and assets with a focus on early-stage business activities such as
proof of concept development, small batch manufacturing and promoting our new
technology. Since incorporation, management has developed a


 detailed business
plan to provide customers with unique and innovative solution for their
decorative needs. Our initial product is lattice panels designed for suspended
ceiling. These panels will dynamically change the color of their surface with
the change of the viewing angle and / or the type of illumination.

Our aim is to develop Asteriko Corp. in phases. The first phase of development
will focus on design solutions. The second phase will be manufacturing.
---

Asteriko Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 17, 2014. Our
offices are located at 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-6834, Valley Cottage, NY
10989. Our phone number is (845) 512-5020. Our website: www.asteriko.com.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
$569


Net Income
-$3,240


Total Assets
$6,415






Total Liabilities
$7,249


Stockholders' Equity
-$834




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 6 Total: 6
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
12/2/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
11/24/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
11/4/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
10/23/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1/A
9/25/2014
Filing



ASTERIKO CORP.
S-1
7/29/2014
Filing







Experts


Auditor
Li and Company, P.C


Company Counsel
Matheau J. W. Stout, Esq


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Transfer Agent
Self-underwritten


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Flushing Financial Corporation Announces Second Quarter GAAP Diluted EPS of $0.44 and Record Core D
                        



	                     5:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            PHOTO RELEASE— Ingalls Shipbuilding Successfully Completes  Builder’s Trials for Ralph Johnson (DDG
                        



	                     5:30PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Texas Instruments' profit beats on automotive, industrial demand
                        



	                     5:27PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Transocean Ltd. Provides Quarterly Fleet Status Report
                        



	                     5:26PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX













































Asteriko Corp.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

Asteriko Corp.
Dura Track Enterprises Inc
Ergobilt Inc
Falcon Products
Kci Properties Ltd
Kinetic Concepts, Inc.
Knoll
Koala
Koala
Panolam Industries International Inc
Vital Products, Inc.



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Asteriko Corp.




Asteriko Corp.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Miscellaneous furniture & fixturesAddress

616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-6834, Valley Cottage, NY 10989
Phone
845-512-5020



Sample Contracts



Asteriko Corp. –
Resignation From the Board of Directors of Asteriko Corp.
(November 28th, 2016)
The following is a true copy of the resolution duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation at a special meeting, notice to this meeting having been waived, held on 25th of November, 2016



Asteriko Corp. –
Contract
(September 25th, 2014)
Exhibit 10.4  Asteriko Corp.  616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-6834 Valley Cottage, NY 10989 Phone: (845) 512-5020   This  letter  is to  confirm  the terms of an  agreement  made on August 5, 2014 between Asteriko Corp. and Ilia Tomski.  Mr. Tomski has verbally agreed to loan Asteriko Corp. funds at his discretion to complete the registration process in the event that the company does not raise sufficient funds.   September 2nd, 2014                      Treasurer /s/ KSENIA TOMSKI                                                    -----------------------------                                                    Ksenia Tomskaia



Asteriko Corp. –
Contract
(September 25th, 2014)
Exhibit 10.3  Asteriko Corp.  616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-6834 Valley Cottage, NY 10989 Phone: (845) 512-5020   This  letter  is to  confirm  the terms of an  agreement  made on August 5, 2014 between Asteriko Corp., and Ilia Tomski.  Mr. Tomski has verbally agreed to loan Asteriko Corp. funds at his discretion to complete the business plan.   September 2nd, 2014                       Secretary /s/ ILIA TOMSKI                                                    -----------------------------                                                    Ilia Tomski



Asteriko Corp. –
Contract
(July 29th, 2014)
Exhibit 10.1                                      CONTRACT                                                                      May 22, 2014  CONTRACTOR               Asteriko Corp. ADDRESS                  353 BATHURST GLEN DR., THORNHILL, ON L4J 9A3 PHONE                    (845)512-5020 E-MAIL                   asteriko.corp@gmail.com                           and  CLIENT/COMPANY          Glick-Art ADDRESS                 26 MATISSE TRAIL, VAUGHAN ON L4J 9A5, CANADA PHONE                   (416)512-1048, (416)317-6001 E-MAIL                  info@realkitchen.ca WEB SITE                http://www.realkitchen.ca  CONTRACT TERMS          By entering this contract the Client will  automatically                         receive 20% discount off the base product  price for the                         first six (6) months of operation.                          The  Contractor  agrees to do the following work for the                         Client:                          The  Contractor  s



Asteriko Corp. –
Contract
(July 29th, 2014)
Exhibit 3.2                                       BYLAWS                                        OF                                  ASTERIKO CORP.                           APRIL 17, 2014 (INCEPTION DATE)                                       ARTICLE I                             OFFICES AND CORPORATE SEAL  SECTION 1.1 Registered  Office.  Asteriko Corp  (hereinafter the  "Corporation") shall  maintain a registered  office in the State of Nevada.  In addition to its registered  office,  the  Corporation  shall  maintain a  principal  office at a location  determined  by the  Board.  The  Board of  Directors  may  change  the Corporation's registered office and principal office from time to time.  SECTION 1.2 Other Offices.  The  Corporation  may also maintain  offices at such other place or places,  either within or without the State of Nevada,  as may be designated  from  time  to time  by the  Board  of  Directors  (hereinafter  the "Board"),  and the business of the  Corporation  ma



Asteriko Corp. –
Contract
(July 29th, 2014)
Exhibit 10.2                               SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT                                   ASTERIKO CORP.  Asteriko Corp., a Nevada corporation (hereinafter the "Company") and the undersigned (hereinafter the "Subscriber") agree as follows:  WHEREAS:  A.   The Company desires to issue shares of Common Stock of the Company at a      price of $_______ per share (hereinafter the "Shares"); and  B.   Subscriber desires to acquire the number of Shares set forth on the      signature page hereof.  NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants hereinafter set-forth, the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:  SUBSCRIPTION FOR SHARES  1.1 Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set-forth, the Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company such number of Shares as is set-forth upon the signature page hereof at a price equal to $_______ per share, and the Company agrees to sell such Shares to Subscriber for said p













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.













ATRK Stock Quote - Asteriko-Corp Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 













ASTERIKO CORP Valley Cottage NY, 10989 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Furniture and Fixtures
Asteriko Corp
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Asteriko Corp



616 Corporate Way, Ste 2-6834

Valley Cottage,
							
							
							 NY
							
							
							 10989-2050
							
							 |  view map


(845) 512-5020

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

ASTERIKO CORP is in the Furniture and Fixtures, N.E.C. industry in Valley Cottage, NY.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Furniture and Fixtures, N.E.C.
					

Ownership:
						Public
						
					

Year Founded:
						2014
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Sprouts Farmers Market


Regional Medical Center Board


No Bull Logistics Inc


Maricopa Metals Inc


Southwest Design & Supply CO


P & S Transportation Inc


Standard Equipment CO Inc


LA Mexicana Tortilleria


Garrett Truck Service of Alabama Inc


Cast Products Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory!�It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Asteriko Corp
Rate Asteriko Corp on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Asteriko Corp
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











� 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLTAIRE
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOGT JAMES B MD
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGUE
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VUDEN INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies �



Recently
					Updated Companies

RIDGE ON SEDONA GOLF RESORT HOA
CITY OF SCOTTSDALE
BENT TREE ELECTRIC
CRAFTONS FURNITURE & APPLIANCE
MARPEC
MURPHY EASTERN OIL CO
CALDWELL LUMBER CO INC
SHAKTOOLIK NATIVE STORE-38
WIMBERLY HOUSE INTERIORS & GIFTS
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies �



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
PANALPINA INC
AZURADISC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
STINGER WELDING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies �



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  














 

ASTERIKO CORP. (OTCMKTS:ATRK) Files An 8-K Changes in Control of Registrant - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  ASTERIKO CORP. (OTCMKTS:ATRK) Files An 8-K Changes in Control of Registrant     SEC Filings  ASTERIKO CORP. (OTCMKTS:ATRK) Files An 8-K Changes in Control of Registrant  ByME Staff 8-k -November 28, 2016 48  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 ASTERIKO CORP. (OTCMKTS:ATRK) Files An 8-K Changes in Control of Registrant

ITEM 5.01 CHANGE IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT.


On November 25th, 2016, to a stock purchase by and
between Ilia Tomski the Company’s President and CEO and, Kido
Inter Co. Limited (Kido) which is wholly owned by Ms. Somporn
Phatchan, Kido Inter Co. Limited fully acquired 5,000,000 shares
of common stock. Kido’s total share ownership is equivalent to
70.62% ownership of the Company, constituting control. Kido paid
$246,000 for its control shares


ITEM 5.02 DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS;
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL
OFFICERS.


On November 25th, 2016, Ilia Tomski resigned his
official positions as Directors of the Corporation, and on the
same day the shareholders of the Corporation voted Ms. Somporn
Phatchan as Director and CEO of the Company, and Eng Wah Kung as
Chief Financial Officer and Director; and Yun Chen Zou as Chief
Operating Officer and Director.


Ms. Somporn PHATCHAN, 30, is a noted Thai businesswoman. From
2006, she worked in various Thailand based tour and travel
companies acting in senior management positions. From 2010 to
2016, she was CEO and director of 123 Inter Tour Co. Ltd.,
Thailand. She holds a honors bachelors degree in Hotel Tourism
Management with Stamford International University, Thailand. She
is responsible for formulation of the Company’s long and short
term plans using her extensive knowledge, skills and experiences
in the industry.


Mr. Eng Wah KUNG, 55, holds a Diploma in Hotel Management and
Food and Beverage with Les Roches, Switzerland. Prior to joining
the Company, he has been acting as the CEO and director for
another US listed company, LWH Biomass Inc. (aka Glorywin
Entertainment Group Inc), in-charge of over-seeing its direction
and financial performance since June 2014. He also was the
general manager of several Southeast Asian hotel operations
companies including Nha Trang Lodge, Vietnam and NCL Cambodia Pte
Ltd. He has over 33 years experience in senior management
positions in hotel and travel industry.


Mr. Yun Chen ZOU, 36, holds a bachelors degree in Tourism
Management with the Hospitality and Tourism University, Taiwan.
From 2010 to 2016, he was the COO and director of 123 Inter Tour
Co. Ltd., Thailand, and responsible for its daily operations. He
has over 15 years of experience in senior management positions
within the tourism industry.


ITEM 9.01 EXHIBITS


(d) Exhibits.





99.1


Shareholders Resolution Appointing New Director





99.2


Resignation of Ilia Tomski



 About ASTERIKO CORP. (OTCMKTS:ATRK) Asteriko Corp. is a shell company. The Company focuses on early-stage business activities, such as proof of concept development, small batch manufacturing and promoting its technology. It focuses on providing customers with a solution for their decorative needs. Its initial product is lattice panels designed for suspended ceiling. The Company is in its development stage. The Company also focuses on experimenting with rigid and soft foam. The main target market for the Company’s products and services will include retail and commercial establishments. It also focuses on providing design solutions and materials to the residential sector. It focuses on providing products and services to customers, including building contractors, and industrial design and architecture companies; homeowners for new builds or renovations; retail establishments, such as boutique and specialty stores, and commercial establishments, including restaurants, nightclubs, theaters, hotels and fitness clubs. ASTERIKO CORP. (OTCMKTS:ATRK) Recent Trading Information ASTERIKO CORP. (OTCMKTS:ATRK) closed its last trading session at 0.0000 with shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      CELADON GROUP, INC. (NYSE:CGI) Files An 8-K Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities    Sierra Monitor Corporation (OTCMKTS:SRMC) Files An 8-K Other Events    Winmark Corporation (NASDAQ:WINA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement     Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:SCMP) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...    Insys Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:INSY) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...    PennyMac Financial Services, Inc. (NYSE:PFSI) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of...  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Insider Trading Activity Famous Dave's of America, Inc. (NASDAQ:DAVE) – Major Shareholder Bought 120 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Famous Dave's of America, Inc. (NASDAQ:DAVE) – Major Shareholder Bought 8,502 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity HealthEquity, Inc. (NASDAQ:HQY) – Insider Sold 8,500 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Grow Condos, Inc. (OTCMKTS:GRWC) – Director Sold 22,000 shares of Stock 
 Insider Trading Activity Ecoark Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:EARK) – Insider Sold 3,323 shares of Stock 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (NASDAQ:VRTX) and Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO)  July 19, 2017   Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37988LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1256Biotech Stocks1174Stock Market News1118Analyst Ratings736Small Caps715Canada470   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 
































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version


















Asteriko Corp. 8-k - Form 8 K Special Events Filing - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > ASTERIKO CORP. 8-K

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Asteriko Corp. 8-k
Form 8 K Special Events Filing



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves ASTERIKO CORP.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: ASTERIKO CORP. 8-K Date: 11/28/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










     


 


 

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 

FORM
8-K

 

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 OR 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934

 

Date of
Report (Date of earliest event reported):

November,
25 th
,
2016

 

 


ASTERIKO
CORP.

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

 




Nevada



 



333-197692



 



37-1757067





(State or
other jurisdiction
 of incorporation)



 



(Commission
File
Number)



 



(IRS
Employer
ID Number)





 

488 Soi
Rachada Niwet Samsen Nok

Huai
Khwang, Bangkok, Thailand 10310

Address of
Principal Executive Office

 

(+65) 227
43404

Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code


 

616
Corporate Way, Suite 2-6834

Valley
Cottage, NY 10989

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.)

 

Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant
under any of the following provisions:

 




o



 



Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)




 




o



 



Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a -12)




 




o



 



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14d -2(b))




 




o



 



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.13e -4(c))




 


 


 

 




 




  

 




 




 

 
 

ITEM 5.01
– CHANGE IN CONTROL OF REGISTRANT.

 

On
November 25 th
, 2016,
Pursuant to a stock purchase by and between Ilia Tomski the
Company's President and CEO and, Kido Inter Co. Limited
(“Kido”) which is wholly owned by Ms. Somporn Phatchan,
Kido Inter Co. Limited fully acquired 5,000,000 shares of common
stock.  Kido's total share ownership is equivalent to 70.62%
ownership of the Company, constituting control. Kido paid $246,000
for its control shares

 


ITEM 5.02
– DEPARTURE OF DIRECTORS OR PRINCIPAL OFFICERS; ELECTION OF
DIRECTORS; APPOINTMENT OF PRINCIPAL OFFICERS.

 

On
November 25 th
, 2016,
Ilia Tomski resigned his official positions as Directors of the Co
rporation, and on the same day the shareholders of the Corporation
voted Ms. Somporn Phatchan as Director and CEO of the Company, and
Eng Wah Kung as Chief Financial Officer and Director; and Yun Chen
Zou as Chief Operating Officer and Director.

 

Ms.
Somporn PHATCHAN, 30, is a noted Thai businesswoman. From 2006, she
worked in various Thailand based tour and travel companies acting
in senior management positions. From 2010 to 2016, she was CEO and
director of 123 Inter Tour Co. Ltd., Thailand. She holds a honors
bachelor’s degree in Hotel & Tourism Management with
Stamford International University, Thailand. She is responsible for
formulation of the Company's long and short term plans using her
extensive knowled


 








 














	EDGAR ONLINE - STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP. - SEC FILINGS































                                     
                                




Welcome


                                                |
                                            

Help


                                                |
                                            

About EDGAR Online
                                                   


                                                |
                                            

 Login 















Dashboard 

Today 
Company

Industry

Search
Screener

Analytics




































STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.: STAL  (OTC)











Enter your Email to Learn More:  
                                 












Form






                         (Filer)
                    

                         Received

                        (
                        Period
                        
                        ) 
                    


10-Q

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.
 05/15/17 (03/31/17) 


8-K

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.
 03/24/17 (03/22/17) 


10-K/A

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/23/17 (06/30/16) 


10-Q

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/06/17 (12/31/16) 


NT 10-Q

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 02/14/17 (12/31/16) 


8-K

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 01/26/17 (01/23/17) 


8-K

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 11/28/16 (11/25/16) 


10-Q

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 10/28/16 (09/30/16) 


10-K/A

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 10/27/16 (06/30/16) 


10-K

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 09/09/16 (06/30/16) 


10-Q

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 04/26/16 (03/31/16) 


8-K

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/07/16 (03/07/16) 


10-Q/A

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/07/16 (12/31/15) 


10-Q/A

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/07/16 (09/30/15) 


10-K/A

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/07/16 (06/30/15) 


10-Q/A

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/07/16 (03/31/15) 


10-Q/A

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 03/07/16 (12/31/14) 


10-Q

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 01/29/16 (12/31/15) 


10-Q

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 10/27/15 (09/30/15) 


10-K

STAR ALLIANCE INTERNATIONAL CORP.(ASTERIKO CORP.) 
 09/01/15 (06/30/15) 




                             
                        












             Results 1 - 20 of 31




 


  
            
                    [1]
2
                
             
             


[ Show Next 11 Results ] 
























Last Trade













Last Trade: 
N/A
                 
            
Change: 

N/A
                 
            
Trade Time: 

                 
            
Market Cap: 
$0.00M







Trade STAL now with 























© 2017
                                
 
                                























                 
            











            © 1995-2017

EDGAR® Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions
            All rights reserved  Solutions
                for Corporations 
            Terms of Use
             
                Privacy Statement










Star Alliance International Corp. 10-K/A Mar. 23, 2017  4:00 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Star Alliance International Corp. (STAL)FORM 10-K/A | Amended Annual ReportMar. 23, 2017  4:00 PM|About: Star Alliance International Corp. (STAL)View as PDF

 ASTERIKO CORP. (Form: 10-K/A, Received: 03/23/2017 16:01:21) 









	 


	UNITED STATES


	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION


	Washington, D.C. 20549


	 


	Amendment No. 1 to


	FORM 10
	K/A


	 



	x

	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


	 


	For the fiscal year ended June
	30, 2016


	 



	o

	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


	For the transition period from ___________ to ___________


	 


	Commission File No.  333-197692


	 









	ASTERIKO CORP.








	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)





	 


	 


	 







	NEVADA








	2590








	37-1757067








	(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)




	(Primary Standard Industrial Classification Number)




	(IRS Employer Identification Number)





	 




	 



	Somporn Phatchan, CEO



	 




	 



	488, Soi
	Rachada Niwet Samsen Nok, Ratchadapisek Samsennok, Huai Khwang, Bangkok, Thailand 10310



	 




	 


	 


	 




	Phone: (65) 2274 3403


	(Address and telephone number of principal executive offices)





	 





	Securities registered pursuant
	to Section 12(b) of the Act: None


	 


	Securities registered
	pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	 



	 






	 



	 


	Indicate by check
	mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
	to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check
	mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and
	(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes

	x

	No

	o



	 


	Indicate by check
	mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
	File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the
	preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes

	x

	No

	o



	 


	Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
	filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
	to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
	III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
	a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated filer and large
	accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


	 




	Large accelerated filer

	o



	Accelerated
	filer

	o





	Non-accelerated filer

	o



	Smaller
	reporting company

	x





	 


	Indicate by check mark
	whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes

	o

	No

	x



	 


	As of September 8, 2016, the registrant had 7,080,000
	shares of common stock issued and outstanding. No market value has been computed based upon the fact that no active trading market
	has been established as of June 30, 2016 and 2015.


	 


	Note – This Amendment is filed
	to clarify Management’s report per Item 308 under Section 9A, Controls and Procedures. All other aspects of the original
	filing remain unchanged.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	 



	 






	 



	 



	Table of Contents



	 







	PART I





	 





	Item 1.



	Description of Business


	1





	Item 1A.



	Risk Factors.


	4





	Item 1B.



	Unresolved Staff Comments.


	4





	Item 2.



	Properties.


	4





	Item 3.



	Legal Proceedings.


	4





	Item 4.



	Mine Safety Disclosures.


	4




	 


	 


	 





	PART II





	 





	Item 5.



	Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
	of Equity Securities.


	5





	Item 6.



	Selected Financial Data.


	5





	Item 7.



	Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.


	5





	Item 7A.



	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.


	7





	Item 8.



	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.


	7





	Item 9.



	Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.


	8





	Item 9A.



	Controls and Procedures.


	8





	Item 9B.



	Other Information.


	9




	 


	 


	 





	PART III





	 





	Item 10.



	Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.


	10





	Item 11.



	Executive Compensation.


	11





	Item 12.



	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.


	12





	Item 13.



	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.


	12





	Item 14.



	Principal Accounting Fees and Services.


	12




	 


	 


	 





	PART IV





	 





	Item 15.



	Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.


	12




	 


	 


	 





	SIGNATURES





	13






	 


	 


	 








	 



	i



	 






	 



	 






	PART
	I






	 








	Item
	1. Description of Business




	 



	Forward Looking Statements



	 


	This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
	These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements often can be identified by the use
	of terms such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "estimate,"
	"approximate" or "continue," or the negative thereof. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject
	to the safe harbors for such statements. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements,
	which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statements represent management's best judgment as to what may occur
	in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond our control
	that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those presently
	anticipated or projected. We disclaim any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or
	circumstances after the date of such statement or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.


	 



	General



	 


	Asteriko Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada
	on April 17, 2014. Our offices are located at 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-6834, Valley Cottage, NY 10989.


	 


	We are a company with limited earnings to date and
	nominal operations and assets with a focus on early-stage business activities such as proof of concept development, small batch
	manufacturing and promoting our new technology. Since incorporation, management has developed a detailed business plan to
	provide customers with unique and innovative solution for their decorative needs. Our initial product is lattice panels designed
	for suspended ceiling. These panels will dynamically change the color of their surface with the change of the viewing angle and
	/ or the type of illumination.


	 



	Products/Services



	 




	Description of Product or Services




	 


	Our initial product will be color changing lattice
	panels designed for suspended ceiling.


	 


	The idea of color changing surfaces is not new. Color
	decomposition of reflected light also known as refraction combined with light interference is a known effect and is used in automotive
	industry for development of special paints.


	 


	Our approach is to achieve similar results using
	different and more cost effective technology. This approach is based on ability of an average human eye to blend reflected lights
	and view them as a single color. The type of color depends on combination of base colors (red, blue, and green) in the reflection.
	All color TVs use similar principle to achieve multicolor effect. The main difference with our proposal is that TV
	generates light whereas we use the surface reflection. Only select material can be used to achieve this effect the surface
	of the material should have special geometrical figures on a small level and each painted with at least 3 different colors.  


	 


	Prior to creating Asteriko Corp. our President has
	done many experiments and discovered that simple 3D transparent rectangular grid structure could act as a color changing decorative
	element by simply applying different colors to different faces of the 3D grid. Viewed from different angles, such structure appears
	to have not only different but also dynamically changing color depending of the viewpoint of the observer.


	 


	The grid density and the height of each individual
	rectangular cell defines the light transparency of the element, if back lit, as well as the sensitivity of the color shifting to
	a different viewing angle. Desired color changing effects can also be achieved through the application of directional spray
	painting to randomly oriented micro-surfaces.


	 


	We are beginning to experiment with rigid and soft
	foam. It is our understanding that foam sheets of 0.5” to 1.0” thick, rigid or soft, could be made as 3D lattices
	of adjacent polygons, much like certain types of packing foam. Having painted each face of the polygon into different color will
	create desired color changing illusion if viewed from different directions.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	1



	 






	 



	 


	Our plan is to carry out a phased approach in establishing
	and developing Asteriko Corp. The first phase will focus on developing and refining design solutions and producing samples
	 The second phase will be production and manufacturing.


	 


	Phase one:


	 




	 


	a)


	select the most effective way to make a given surface to change its color






	 


	b)


	identify the materials to be used






	 


	c)


	manufacture and sell small batches of different materials such as ceiling panels as a proof of concept to see if our products
	generate interest






	 


	d)


	enhance directional spray painting process to achieve better quality






	 


	e)


	document the technological process and our “know how”




	 


	Phase two:


	 




	 


	a)


	advertise our product and technology






	 


	b)


	negotiate with suppliers and manufacturers of the foam panels of desired geometry. Currently suppliers such as Clark Foam
	Products Corp. and several others all capable of manufacturing an initial monochromatic 3D foam lattices






	 


	c)


	establish distribution network






	 


	d)


	expand our technology to other materials used for surface decorations capitalizing the basic working principle of the 3D rectangular
	color changing grid




	 


	In case of successful growth of our business, necessary
	funds will be available through operating profits to further optimize present technique for making color changing rectangular lattices
	and foam panels as well as establishing proper manufacturing. It will also be possible to start producing samples of color changing
	ceramic or stamped metal tiles.


	 




	Target Market and Clients/potential Clients




	 


	The main target market for our products and services
	will include retail and commercial establishments where unique and original appearance is an integral part of their success. We
	will also provide design solutions and materials to the residential sector.


	 


	Our potential customers will be in the following
	potential sectors:


	 


	First Phase:


	 






	 


	•


	Building contractors and industrial
	design and architecture companies








	 


	•


	Home owners for new builds or
	renovations




	 


	Future phases:


	 




	 


	•


	Retail establishments e.g. boutique
	and specialty stores








	 


	•


	Commercial establishments including
	restaurants, night clubs, theaters, hotels and fitness clubs








	 


	•


	Geographically at the initial
	stage of our development we’ll target the North American markets




	 




	Source of revenue




	 


	Our main of source of revenue will initially be the
	sales of design solutions to the house and building designers and constructors i.e.:


	 






	 


	1.


	Design of color-shifting suspended
	ceiling panels to customer-provided specifications








	 


	2.


	Consulting on application and
	integration of our panels into customer interior or exterior design.




	 


	Additional revenue stream
	is expected to come from manufacturing of color-shifting suspended ceiling surfaces for home owners as well as retail and commercial
	establishments in the future.


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	2



	 






	 



	 




	Marketing Strategy






	 




	In order to attract
	customers and promote products, our company has created the website. We will also market through online advertisements. For online
	and website advertising we will use the following methods:


	 




	 


	•


	Link our site to free web directories








	 


	•


	Use shared online advertisement
	facilities








	 


	•


	Distribute online banners to
	attract more attention from the customers and provide credibility to the product by including customer feedback




	 


	•


	Advertise through classified
	ads and blogs




	 


	•


	Add our website address to the
	relevant search engines




	 


	We will also advertise through local and global classified
	ads and social networking.  Sales brochures will be printed to provide necessary company product and service information.
	We will organize onsite presentations for perspective clients with sample demonstrations.




	 






	Competition and Competitive Strategy




	 


	There is a small number of potential competitors
	that provide some elements of what Asteriko Corp., will offer to its customers.  However, no direct competition exists since
	the product that our company develops is unique to design and construction industry.  It uses innovative technological solution
	that is low cost and economical.  


	 


	Several differences in application arise when comparing
	our technology to color changing paint technology as well as some colored light arrangements. The main difference in application
	is simplicity as one can imagine the installation of a ceiling panel or wall panel compared to painting or running electricity.
	No major surface preparation is required. Another significant difference is flexibility of installation in terms of design and
	final appearance. Taking rectangular grid ceiling panel as example, not only various ornamental combinations could be applied right
	at the customer site but also customer is left with the ability to adjust and even entirely change the appearance of the ceiling
	by rotating and relocating individual panels.


	 


	There is also a difference in application of our
	innovative technology.  Once we fully launch operations we expect to compete successfully on a basis of price, quality and
	novelty of our product.  


	 


	Currently, our competitive position within the industry
	is negligible in light of the fact that we have just recently started our operations.


	 




	Sources and Availability of Products and Supplies




	 


	We believe that our President's industry
	experience and connections will enable us to develop the various aspects of the business. Mr. Tomski has experience with
	design and engineering of products and creating promotion and marketing packages. While working as Research Scientist and
	Industrial Post Doctoral Fellow for Ionics Mass Spectrometry Group Inc., Mr. Tomski (in addition to his main duties as research
	scientist) has been actively involved in promoting the company products through installations, demonstrations and training provided
	to existing and potential customers around the world. He also promoted company's products through onsite and offsite presentations
	and industrial conferences. Throughout his career Mr. Tomski has been involved in design and manufacturing of hi-tech industrial
	equipment such as high vacuum systems for utilization in particle accelerator applications in general and for Accelerator Mass
	Spectrometry application in particular. Mr. Tomski has hands on experience in design, manufacturing and operation of ion
	optical elements such as atmospheric pressure to vacuum sampling interface, ion guides, ion collision cells that are vital components
	of commercial mass spectrometers for bio-medical applications. Mr. Tomski has also been involved in design and manufacturing
	of cryogenic systems for commercial superconducting gravity gradiometer; this includes design and manufacturing of superconducting
	electrical circuits and gradiometer sensor components.  


	 


	Currently he oversees design and manufacturing of
	superconducting gravity gradiometer sensor in the start-up company targeting major land exploration and natural resources surveying.


	 


	We believe there are no constraints on the sources
	or availability of products, materials and supplies related to the production of suspended panels.


	 




	Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers




	 


	At this stage we sell small number of panels as a
	proof of concept to test the market reaction to our product.


	 


	We currently have only 4 customers (generated $3,808
	in revenue to date) we plan to extend our market in the near future.  


	 


	Our products are applicable to a wide range of customers
	from individual home owners to commercial construction companies.


	 


	We believe because of the potentially broad base
	of customers for our services, we will not rely on one or few major customers.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	3



	 






	 



	 


	Our initial
	contract with “Glik-Art” was created to attract new customer with 20% discount for a period of 6 months. Due to
	different needs of the clients we cannot in advance include in the contract specific materials or design. For each specific
	order we disclose the type of materials to be used, design specifications and labor rates. Currently we don’t have
	special relationships with these customers, other than contract with “Glik-Art” offering 20% discount for 6
	months.  Any customer may purchase our product based on their needs.


	 




	Patent, Trademark, License & Franchise
	Restrictions and Contractual Obligations & Concessions




	 


	There are no inherent factors or circumstances associated
	with this industry, or any of the products or services that we expect to be providing that would give rise to any patent, trademark
	or license infringements or violations. We have not entered into any franchise agreements or other contracts that have given,
	or could give rise to obligations or concessions.


	Out web domain and IP address as well as company
	information will be protected by our domain host.


	 


	We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any
	patents or trademarks.


	 




	Governmental and Industry Regulations




	 


	We will be subject to federal and state laws and
	regulations that relate directly or indirectly to our operations including federal securities laws. We will also be subject to
	common business and tax rules and regulations pertaining to the normal business operations.


	 




	Research and Development Activities and Costs




	 


	We are capitalizing on prior scientific research
	and development that was done by our President and Director and have not yet spent any money on R&D. Once this offering is
	completed we will have the resources to continue our R&D program.


	 




	Compliance with Environmental Laws




	 


	Our operations are not subject to any environmental
	laws.


	 




	Facilities




	 


	We do not own or rent facilities of any kind. We
	plan to conduct our operations from the facilities that our President provides to us free of charge. These facilities located
	at 353 Bathurst Glen Dr. Thornhill, ON Canada and used primarily for manufacturing small batches of 3D lattice panel as a proof
	of concept and market testing.


	 




	Employees




	 


	We have commenced only limited operations, and currently
	have two employees - our President and Director Mr. Tomski, who spends approximately fifteen hours a week on our business and our
	treasurer Ms. Tomskaia, who devotes up to five hours a week to company’s operations.







	Item 1A. Risk Factors.



	 


	Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.



	 





	Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.



	 


	Not applicable.



	 





	Item 2. Properties.



	 


	We do not own any real estate or other properties.



	 





	Item 3. Legal Proceedings.



	 


	Management is not aware
	of any legal proceedings contemplated by any governmental authority or any other party involving us or our properties. As of
	the date of this Year-End Report, no director, officer or affiliate is (i) a party adverse to us in any legal proceeding, or
	(ii) has an adverse interest to us in any legal proceedings. Management is not aware of any other legal proceedings pending
	or that have been threatened against us or our properties.



	 





	Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.



	 


	Not applicable.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	4



	 








	 



	 





	PART II



	 





	Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.



	 




	Market Information




	 


	There is a limited public market for our common shares.
	 Our common shares are not quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board at this time. Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Bulletin
	Board is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a
	company's operations or business prospects.  We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our
	common stock.


	 


	OTC Bulletin Board securities are not listed or traded
	on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange.  Instead, OTC Bulletin Board securities transactions are
	conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks.  OTC Bulletin Board issuers are traditionally
	smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange.


	 


	As of June 30, 2016, no
	shares of our common stock have traded.


	 




	Number of Holders




	 


	As of June 30, 2016, the 7,080,000 issued and outstanding
	shares of common stock were held by a total of 27 shareholders of record.


	 




	Dividends




	 


	No cash dividends have been paid on our shares of
	common stock during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. We have not paid any cash dividends since our inception
	and do not foresee declaring any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 


	 




	Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities




	 


	None.


	 




	Purchase of our Equity Securities by Officers
	and Directors




	 


	None.


	 




	Other Stockholder Matters




	 


	None.



	 





	Item 6. Selected Financial Data.



	 


	Not applicable.



	 





	Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
	Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.



	 


	You should read the
	following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
	financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Prospectus. Some of the
	information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Prospectus, including information with
	respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve
	risks and uncertainties. You should review the “Risk Factors” section of this Prospectus for a discussion of
	important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the
	forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.


	  


	Our cash balance was $1,380 as of June 30, 2016.
	We believe our cash balance is not sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations for any period of time. We have been utilizing
	funds received from our President and Director from the purchase of shares. He has no commitment, arrangement or legal obligation
	to advance or loan funds to the company. In order to implement our plan of operations for the next twelve month period, we require
	a minimum of $25,000 (approximately $10,000 of which are legal and registration fees for a public company) of funding from this
	offering. Being a development stage company, we have very limited operating history. After the twelve months period we may require
	additional financing, for which we currently don't have any arrangements. Our US office is located at 616 Corporate
	Way, Suite 2-6834, Valley Cottage, NY 10989. Our principal executive office is located at 353 Bathurst Glen Dr., Thornhill, ON
	L4J 9A3 Canada. Our phone number is (845) 512-5020.


	 


	 








	 



	5



	 






	 



	 


	Our independent registered public accountants have
	issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business for the
	next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. From inception to June 30, 2016 we have generated revenues
	of $3,808; no significant additional revenue is anticipated until we complete our initial business development. There is no assurance
	we will ever reach that stage.


	 


	To meet our need for cash we are attempting to raise
	money from this offering. We believe that we will be able to raise enough money through this offering to expand our proposed operations,
	however there is no guarantee that we will stay in business after doing so. At the present time, we have not made any arrangements
	to raise additional cash, other than through this offering.


	 


	We are an
	“emerging growth company” as defined in the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from
	various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to: not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
	Sarbanes-Oxley Act; reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
	statements; exemptions from the requirements of holding an annual non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and
	nonbinding stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, Section 107 of the
	JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period
	provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words,
	an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would
	otherwise apply to private companies. We are choosing to “opt out” of such extended transition
	period, and as a result, we will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of
	such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt
	out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable.



	 







	Results of Operations for the year ended June
	30, 2016




	 


	For fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, we have generated
	$0 revenue as compared with $569 for prior fiscal year.


	 


	For fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, our operating
	expenses were comprised of professional fees of $19,902, general and administrative expenses of $1,580 and imputed interest expense
	of $907 compared to $16,536 of professional fees, $400 imputed interest and $1,504 of administrative expenses in prior year.


	 


	Since inception, we have sold 7,080,000 shares of
	common stock.



	 




	Activities to Date




	 


	A substantial portion of our activities to date focused
	on becoming a reporting public company to raise more capital to finance our business activities. Our President has also developed
	Plan of Operations. We have established the company office and provided information session and consulting about our services to
	one prospective customer.


	 




	Plan of Operations




	 


	We expect that working capital requirements will
	continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds and further issuances of securities. Our working capital requirements
	are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business.


	 


	Existing working capital, further advances and debt
	instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next six months. We have no
	lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the
	private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases
	in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of software; (ii) developmental expenses associated
	with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities,
	and debt issuances. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating
	requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders.
	Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not
	be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we
	may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially
	restrict our business operations.




	 






	 














	 



	6



	 






	 





	 






	Off Balance Sheet Arrangements




	 


	We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have
	or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
	or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.


	 




	Material Commitments




	 


	As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have
	any material commitments.


	 




	Purchase of Significant Equipment




	 


	We do not intend to purchase any significant equipment
	during the next twelve months.



	 






	Liquidity and Capital Resources




	 


	As of June 30, 2016, the Company had $1,380 cash
	and current liabilities of $19,298. The net operating capital of the Company is not sufficient for the Company to remain operational
	in a short term.


	 


	Since inception, we have sold 5,000,000 shares of
	common stocks to our president and director, at a price of $0.001 per share and 2,080,000 shares of common stock to our investors
	at a price of $0.01 per share for the aggregated proceeds of $25,800. Our president and director also provided $18,000 long term
	loan to the company (non interest bearing with no fixed term of repayment).


	 


	We are attempting to
	raise funds to proceed with our plan of operation. Our current cash on hand will be used to pay the fees and expenses of this
	offering. We will have to utilize funds from our sole officer and director. However, he has no formal commitment, arrangement
	or legal obligation to advance or loan funds to the company. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to sell all the shares required
	to satisfy our 12 months financial requirement. If we are successful, any money raised will be applied to the items set forth
	in the Use of Proceeds section of this prospectus. In the long-term we may need additional financing. We do not currently have
	any arrangements for additional financing. Obtaining additional funding will be subject to a number of factors, including general
	market conditions, investor acceptance of our business plan and initial results from our business operations. These factors may
	impact the timing, amount, terms or conditions of additional financing available to us. There is no assurance that any additional
	financing will be available or if available, on terms that will be acceptable to us.


	 




	Going Concern Consideration




	 


	Our auditors have issued a “going concern” opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months
	unless we obtain additional capital. The Company's cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations.
	No substantial revenues anticipated until we have completed the financing from this offering and implemented our plan of
	operations. Our only source for cash at this time is investments by others in this offering. We must raise cash to implement our
	strategy and stay in business. If we sell at least 25% of the shares in the offering we believe that we will have the resources
	to operate for the next 12 months, including for the costs associated with becoming a publicly reporting company. The company anticipates
	that over the next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately $9,000.


	 




	Limited operating history and need for additional
	capital


	 


	 


	There is no historical financial information about
	us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated any significant
	revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the
	establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost
	increases in services and products.




	 





	Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
	Disclosures About Market Risk.



	 


	Not applicable to smaller reporting companies.



	 





	Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.



	 


	 


	 








	 



	7



	 






	 



	 


	Asteriko Corp.


	June 30, 2016


	 




	Index to the Financial Statements


	 


	 




	Report of Independent Registered
	Public Accounting Firm


	F-2




	Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2016 and 2015


	F-3




	Statements of Operations for
	the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015


	F-4




	Statements of Cash
	Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015


	F-5




	Statement of Shareholder's
	Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and 2015


	F-6




	Notes to the Financial
	Statements


	F-7




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	1



	 






	 



	 







	REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
	ACCOUNTING FIRM




	 


	To the Board of Directors


	Asteriko Corp.


	 


	We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of
	Asteriko Corp. as of June 30, 2016 and 2015 and the related statements of operations, stockholders' deficit and cash flows
	for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is
	to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.


	 


	We conducted our audits in accordance with standards
	of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
	obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required
	to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration
	of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
	but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
	Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
	in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
	management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable
	basis for our opinion.


	 


	In our opinion, the financial statements referred
	to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Asteriko Corp. as of June 30, 2016 and 2015 and the
	results of its operations and cash flows for the period described above in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
	in the United States of America.


	 


	The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
	assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company suffered
	a net loss from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a
	going concern. Management’s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not
	include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


	 



	/s/
	M&K CPAS, PLLC



	www.mkacpas.com


	Houston, Texas


	September 8, 2016


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	2



	 







	 



	 





	Asteriko Corp.



	 


	Balance Sheets


	As of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015


	 




	ASSETS


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	June 30, 2015


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Current Assets


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash


	 


	$


	1,380


	 


	 


	 


	11,284


	 




	Total Current Assets


	 


	 


	1,380


	 


	 


	 


	11,284


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Property and Equipment, Net


	 


	 


	2,171


	 


	 


	 


	1,334


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Assets


	 


	 


	3,551


	 


	 


	 


	12,618


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts Payable


	 


	 


	99


	 


	 


	 


	279


	 




	Related party loans


	 


	 


	1,199


	 


	 


	 


	1,604


	 




	Note payable – Related party


	 


	 


	18,000


	 


	 


	 


	5,000


	 




	Total Liabilities


	 


	 


	19,298


	 


	 


	 


	6,883


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Common Stock, $0.001 par value, 75,000,000 shares authorized; 7,080,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively


	 


	 


	7,080


	 


	 


	 


	7,080


	 




	Additional paid-in capital


	 


	 


	20,027


	 


	 


	 


	19,120


	 




	Accumulated deficit


	 


	 


	(42,854


	)


	 


	 


	(20,465


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)


	 


	 


	(15,747


	)


	 


	 


	5,735


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)


	 


	$


	3,551


	 


	 


	 


	12,618


	 





	 



	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.



	 






	 


	F-

	3



	 






	 



	 





	Asteriko Corp.



	 


	Statements of Operations


	For the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015


	 




	 


	 




	Year
	ended June 30, 2016




	 


	 



	Year ended


	June 30, 2015



	 




	Revenues


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	 


	569


	 




	Expenses


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	General and Administrative


	 


	 


	1,580


	 


	 


	 


	1,504


	 




	Imputed Interest Expense


	 


	 


	907


	 


	 


	 


	400


	 




	Professional Fees


	 


	 


	19,902


	 


	 


	 


	16,536


	 




	Total Expense


	 


	 


	22,389


	 


	 


	 


	18,440


	 




	Loss From Operations


	 


	 


	(22,389


	 


	 


	 


	(17,871


	 




	Income Tax Expense


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Net Loss


	 


	$


	(22,389


	)


	 


	 


	(17,871


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Basic and diluted net loss per common share


	 


	$


	(0.00


	)


	 


	$


	.(0.00


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding


	 


	 


	7,080,000


	 


	 


	 


	5,860,274


	 





	 


	 



	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.



	 






	 


	F-

	4



	 






	 





	 





	Asteriko Corp.



	 


	Statements Of Cash Flows


	For the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and June 30,2015


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Year ended June 30, 2016


	 


	 



	Year ended June 30, 2015



	 




	Cash flows from operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net loss


	 


	$


	(22,389


	)


	 


	 


	(17,871


	)




	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Depreciation expense


	 


	 


	314


	 


	 


	 


	130


	 




	Imputed Interest Expense


	 


	 


	907


	 


	 


	 


	400


	 




	Changes in operating assets and liabilities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Accounts Receivable


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	713


	 




	Accounts payable


	 


	 


	(180


	)


	 


	 


	(497


	)




	Advances from shareholders


	 


	 


	(405


	)


	 


	 


	(1,604


	)




	Net cash used in operating activities


	 


	 


	(21,753


	)


	 


	 


	(18,729


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from investing activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Purchase of property and equipment


	 


	 


	(1,151


	)


	 


	 


	(787


	)




	Net cash used in investing activities


	 


	 


	(1,151


	)


	 


	 


	(787


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash flows from financing activities:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Proceeds from notes payable – related party


	 


	 


	13,000


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Common stock issued for cash


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	20,800


	 




	Net cash provided by financing activities


	 


	 


	13,000


	 


	 


	 


	20,800


	 




	Net increase (decrease) in cash


	 


	 


	(9,904


	)


	 


	 


	1,284


	 




	Cash, beginning of the period


	 


	 


	11,284


	 


	 


	 


	10,000


	 




	Cash, end of the period


	 


	$


	1,380


	 


	 


	 


	11,284


	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cash paid for:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Interest


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Income Taxes


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 





	 


	 


	 



	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.



	 








	 


	F-

	5



	 






	 



	 





	Asteriko Corp.



	 


	Statement of Stockholders Equity


	For the Years Ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015  


	 







	 




	Common stock



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	 


	 


	Number of Shares


	 


	 


	Amount


	 


	 


	Additional Paid-in Capital


	 


	 




	Accumulated
	Deficit




	 


	 




	Total Stockholder’s Equity (Deficit

	)





	 




	Balance, June 30, 2014


	 


	 


	5,000,000


	 


	 


	 


	5,000


	 


	 


	 


	0


	 


	 


	 


	(2,594


	)


	 


	 


	2,406


	 




	Shares issued for cash


	 


	 


	2,080,000


	 


	 


	 


	2,080


	 


	 


	 


	18,720


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	20,800


	 




	Imputed Interest


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	400


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	400


	 




	Net Loss


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	(17,871


	)


	 


	($


	17,871


	)




	Balance, June 30, 2015


	 


	 


	7,080,000


	 


	 


	 


	7,080


	 


	 


	 


	19,120


	 


	 


	 


	(20,465


	)


	 


	 


	5,735


	 




	Imputed Interest


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	907


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	907


	 




	Net Loss


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 


	 


	 


	(22,389


	)


	 


	 


	(22,389


	)




	Balance, June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	7,080,000


	 


	 


	 


	7,080


	 


	 


	 


	20,027


	 


	 


	 


	(42,854


	)


	 


	 


	(15,747


	)





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	The accompanying
	notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements.



	 






	 


	F-

	6



	 






	 



	 


	Asteriko
	Corp.



	 


	June 30, 2016


	Notes to the Financial Statements


	 



	Note 1 - Organization and
	Operations



	 


	Asteriko Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated on April 17, 2014 under the laws of the State of Nevada. The Company provides customers
	with unique and innovative solutions for their decorative needs. The company’s initial product is lattice panels designed
	for suspended ceilings.


	 



	Note 2 - Significant and
	Critical Accounting Policies and Practices



	 


	The Management of the Company
	is responsible for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and
	their application.  Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of
	the Company’s financial condition and results and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments,
	often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company’s significant and critical accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles.


	 




	Basis of Presentation




	 


	The Company’s financial
	statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).


	 




	Use of Estimates and Assumptions
	and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions




	 


	The preparation of financial
	statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
	estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
	at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s).


	 


	Critical accounting estimates
	are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to
	account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial
	condition or operating performance is material. The Company's critical accounting estimate(s) and assumption(s) affecting
	the financial statements was (were):


	 




	 


	(i)



	Assumption
	as a going concern

	: Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of
	operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.




	 


	 


	 




	 


	(ii)



	Valuation
	allowance for deferred tax assets

	: Management assumes that the realization of the Company's net deferred tax assets resulting
	from its net operating loss (“NOL”) carry – forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset
	against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss
	carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred
	recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations
	by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.




	 


	These significant accounting
	estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions,
	and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.


	 


	Management bases its estimates
	on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements
	taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
	assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.


	 


	Management regularly evaluates
	the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances,
	historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly.


	 


	Actual results could differ
	from those estimates.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	7



	 






	 



	 


	 




	Fair Value of Financial
	Instruments




	 


	The Company follows paragraph
	825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph
	820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Paragraph 820-10-35-37”) to measure the fair value
	of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
	principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value
	measurements and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to
	valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels.  The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority
	to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.
	 The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below:


	 







	Level 1



	 



	Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.





	 


	 


	 





	Level 2



	 



	Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.





	 


	 


	 





	Level 3



	 



	Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data.






	 


	Financial assets are considered
	Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and
	at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.


	 


	The fair value hierarchy gives
	the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority
	to unobservable inputs.  If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level
	described above, the categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the
	instrument.


	 


	The carrying amounts of the
	Company's financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and accrued expenses approximate their fair values because of
	the short maturity of these instruments.


	 


	Transactions
	involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
	free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the
	related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such
	representations can be substantiated.


	 

	Following
	table lists assets and liabilities measured and recognized at fair market value as of:


	 






	 


	 


	 




	Level 1




	 


	 


	 




	Level 2




	 


	 


	 




	Level 3




	 


	 


	 




	Total Realized Loss




	 




	Description


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Balance at June 30, 2015


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Description


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 




	Balance at June 30, 2016


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	$


	–


	 





	 




	Cash Equivalents




	 


	The Company considers all highly
	liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents.  There were no
	cash equivalents as of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015.


	 




	Property, Plant and Equipment




	 


	Property, plant and equipment
	are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment. Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated on
	the straight-line method after taking into account their respective estimated residual values over the estimated useful lives of
	the assets as follows:


	 




	Office equipment


	3 years




	Tools and equipment


	5 years




	Other equipment


	5 years




	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	8



	 






	 



	 


	Maintenance and repair costs
	are expensed as incurred, whereas significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.


	 


	Property, Plant and Equipment
	schedule as of June 30, 2016 and 2015:


	 






	 


	 


	2016


	 


	 


	2015


	 




	Office equipment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cost


	 


	$


	688


	 


	 


	$


	688


	 




	Depreciation


	 


	 


	(218


	)


	 


	 


	(115


	)




	Net


	 


	 


	470


	 


	 


	 


	573


	 




	Tools and equipment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cost


	 


	 


	787


	 


	 


	 


	787


	 




	Depreciation


	 


	 


	(218


	)


	 


	 


	(26


	)




	Net


	 


	 


	569


	 


	 


	 


	761


	 




	Other equipment


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Cost


	 


	 


	1,151


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Depreciation


	 


	 


	(19


	)


	 


	 


	–


	 




	Net


	 


	 


	1,132


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 




	TOTAL


	 


	$


	2,171


	 


	 


	$


	1,334


	 






	 





	Related Parties




	 


	The
	Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure
	of related party transactions.


	 

	Pursuant
	to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include a. affiliates of the Company; b. entities for which investments in
	their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection
	of Section 825 – 10 – 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the
	benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d.
	principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one
	party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting
	parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence
	the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties
	and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully
	pursuing its own separate interests.


	 


	The
	financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements,
	expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are
	eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The
	disclosures shall include: a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions,
	including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income
	statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions
	on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements
	are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period;
	and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent,
	the terms and manner of settlement.


	 




	Commitment and Contingencies




	 


	The Company follows subtopic
	450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of
	the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one
	or more future events occur or fail to occur.  The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
	involves an exercise of judgment.  In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the
	Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings
	or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.


	 


	If the assessment of a contingency
	indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the
	estimated liability would be accrued in the Company's financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential
	material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of
	the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	9



	 






	 



	 


	Loss contingencies considered
	remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management
	does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the
	Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will
	not materially and adversely affect the Company's business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows.


	 


	The Company did not have any
	commitments or contingencies as of June 30, 2016 and 2015.


	 




	Revenue Recognition




	 


	The
	Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.  The Company
	recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and
	earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been
	shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability
	is reasonably assured.


	 




	Income Tax Provision




	 


	The Company accounts for income
	taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
	determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using
	the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are
	reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.
	 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
	in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
	of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.


	 


	The Company adopted section
	740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Section 740-10-25”). Section 740-10-25 addresses the
	determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.
	Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely
	than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the
	position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest
	benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25
	also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods
	and requires increased disclosures.


	 


	The estimated future tax effects
	of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well
	as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded
	on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.


	 


	Management makes judgments as
	to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability.
	In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management's opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction
	varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.


	 




	Uncertain Tax Positions




	 


	The Company did not take any
	uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions of Section
	740-10-25 for the year ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015.


	 




	Net Income (Loss) per
	Common Share




	 


	Net income (loss) per common
	share is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Basic net income (loss) per
	common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
	the period.  Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average
	number of shares of common stock and potentially dilutive outstanding shares of common stock during the period to reflect the potential
	dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent share arrangements, stock options and warrants.


	 


	There were no potentially dilutive
	common shares outstanding for the years ended June 30, 2016 and June 30 2015.


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	10



	 






	 



	 




	Recently Issued Accounting
	Pronouncements




	 


	There are no recently issued
	accounting pronouncements published by FASB applicable to Asteriko Corp's operations and reporting.


	 



	Note 3 – Going Concern



	 


	The accompanying financial statements
	have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization
	of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.


	 


	As reflected in the financial
	statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit at June 30, 2016 of $42,854, a net loss of $22,389 and negative cash used in
	operating activities of $21,753 for the year ended June 30, 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.


	 


	Although the Company has recognized
	some nominal amount of revenues since inception, the Company is devoting substantially all of its efforts on establishing the business
	and its planned principal operations have not commenced. The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient
	revenue; however, the Company's cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations.  While the Company
	believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional
	funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
	upon its ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds
	by way of a public or private offering.


	 


	The financial statements do
	not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
	of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


	 



	Note 4 – Stockholder's
	Equity



	 




	Shares Authorized




	 


	Upon formation the total number
	of shares of all classes of stock which the Company is authorized to issue is Seventy-Five Million (75,000,000) shares of which
	Seventy-Five Million (75,000,000) shares are Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share.


	 




	Common Stock – Historical
	Activities




	 


	On April 17, 2014, upon formation,
	the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of common stock to the founder of the Company at $0.001 per share, or $5,000 in cash.


	 


	As of December 2014 Company
	issued additional 880,000 shares of common stock for cash for the price of $0.01 per share for the total consideration of $8,800.


	 


	As of March 2014 Company issued
	additional 1,200,000 shares of common stock for the price of $0.01 each for the total consideration of $12,000.


	 




	Common Stock – Current
	2016 Reporting Period




	 


	As of June 30, 2016 there were
	7,080,000 total shares issued and outstanding for the total equity value of $25,800.


	 



	Note 5 – Related Party
	Transactions



	 




	Related Parties




	 


	Related parties with whom the
	Company had transactions are:


	 




	Free Office Space




	 


	The Company has been provided
	office space by its Chief Executive Officer at no cost. Management determined that such cost is nominal and did not recognize the
	rent expense in its financial statement.


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	11



	 






	 



	 




	Advances from Stockholder




	 


	From time to time, the CEO of
	the Company advances funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing
	and due on demand.


	 


	The CEO of the Company advanced
	$1,199 in aggregate to the Company for the period from April 17, 2014 (inception) through June 30, 2016, none of which has been
	repaid.


	 




	Note Payable  - Chief
	Executive Officer




	 


	The CEO also provided $18,000
	loan to the company. The loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. We recorded imputed interest $907
	during the year ended June 30, 2016 and $400 for the year ended June 30, 2015, which was included under Additional Paid in Capital.


	 




	Issued Shares to Related
	Parties




	 


	On April 17, 2014, upon formation,
	the Company sold 5,000,000 shares of common stock to Ilia Tomski, CEO of the Company at $0.001 per share, or $5,000 in cash.


	 


	On February 19, 2015, the Company
	sold 80,000 shares of common stock to Ksenia Tomskaia, Treasurer of the Company at $0.001 per share, or $800 in cash.


	 



	Note 6 – Income Tax
	Provision



	 




	Deferred Tax Assets




	 


	At June 30, 2016, the Company
	had net operating loss (“NOL”) carry – forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $42,854 that may be offset
	against future taxable income through 2035. No tax benefit has been recorded with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards
	in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as the management of the Company believes that the realization of the Company's net deferred tax assets of approximately $14,879 was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential
	tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by the full valuation allowance.


	 


	Deferred tax assets consist
	primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards. The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax
	assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realization. The valuation allowance increased to $14,879 for year ended
	June 30, 2016.


	 


	Components of deferred tax assets
	are as follows:


	 






	 


	 


	June 30, 2016


	 


	 


	June 30, 2015


	 




	Net deferred tax assets – Non-current:


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Net operating loss carry forward


	 


	 


	(43,761


	)


	 


	 


	(20,465


	)




	Expected income tax benefit from NOL carry-forwards


	 


	$


	14,879


	 


	 


	 


	6,958


	 




	Less valuation allowance


	 


	 


	(14,879


	 


	 


	 


	(6,958


	)




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 




	Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance


	 


	$


	–


	 


	 


	 


	–


	 







	 


	Note 7 –
	Subsequent Events



	 


	The Company has evaluated all
	events that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they
	must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent event(s) to be disclosed.


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 


	F-

	12



	 








	 



	 





	Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
	Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



	 


	None



	 





	Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.



	 


	Our management is responsible for establishing and
	maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
	that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
	Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms.
	Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required
	to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
	the issuer’s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers,
	or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


	 


	Based on that evaluation, the Company’s management
	concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this report, that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were
	not effective.


	 



	Management’s Report on Internal
	Control Over Financial Reporting



	 


	The
	Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
	Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as
	a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers,
	or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the Company’s Board of Directors, management and other personnel,
	to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
	external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company’s internal control over financial
	reporting includes those policies and procedures that:


	 




	 


	•



	pertain
	to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
	Company’s assets;







	 



	•




	provide
	reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance
	with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with
	authorizations of management and the Board of Directors; and







	 



	•




	provide
	reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company’s
	assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.





	 


	The
	Company’s management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial
	reporting as of June 30

	th

	, 2016, based on criteria established in

	Internal Control – Integrated Framework

	(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). As a result of
	this assessment, management identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	8



	 






	 



	 


	A
	material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
	is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not
	be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 


	 


	The material weaknesses identified
	are described below.


	 




	Procedures
	for Control Evaluation.


	Management has not established with appropriate rigor the procedures for evaluating internal controls
	over financial reporting. Due to limited resources and lack of segregation of duties, documentation of the limited control structure
	has not been accomplished.


	 




	Lack
	of Audit Committee.


	To date, the Company has not established an Audit Committee. It is management’s view that such
	a committee, including a financial expert, is an utmost important entity level control over the financial reporting process.


	 




	Insufficient
	Documentation of Review Procedures


	We employ policies and procedures for reconciliation of the financial statements and
	note disclosures, however, these processes are not appropriately documented. The Company has only one individual responsible for
	the preparation of the financial records.


	 




	Insufficient
	Information Technology Procedures.


	Management has not established methodical and consistent data back-up procedures to
	ensure loss of data will not occur.


	 


	As
	a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described above, the Company’s management
	has concluded that, as of June 30

	th

	, 2016, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was not effective
	based on the criteria in Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by COSO (2013).


	 


	This
	Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
	over financial reporting. We were not required to have, nor have we, engaged our independent registered public accounting firm
	to perform an audit of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
	that permit us to provide only management’s report in this Annual Report.


	 



	Changes in Internal Control Over
	Financial Reporting



	 


	As of the end of the period covered
	by this report, there have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange
	Act) during the year ended June 30

	th

	, 2016, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
	the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.



	 





	Item 9B. Other Information.



	 


	No report required.


	 


	 


	 








	 



	9



	 








	 



	 





	PART III



	 





	Item 10. Directors, Executive
	Officers and Corporate Governance.



	 








	Name







	Age








	Position








	Ilia Tomski




	46




	President, Secretary, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors.






	Ksenia Tomskaia




	46




	Treasurer






	 




	Biographical Information and Background
	of officer and director




	 



	Ilia Tomski – President and Director



	 


	Ilia Tomski has been our President, Secretary, and
	a member of the Board of Directors since our inception on April 17, 2014.  


	 


	Throughout his career Mr. Tomski has been involved
	with design and manufacturing of hi-tech industrial equipment such as high vacuum systems for utilization in particle accelerator
	applications in general and for Accelerator Mass Spectrometry application in particular. Mr. Tomski has been actively involved
	in design, manufacturing and operation of ion optical elements such as atmospheric pressure to vacuum sampling interface, ion guides,
	ion collision cells that are vital components of commercial mass spectrometers for bio-medical applications. Mr. Tomski has
	also been involved in design and manufacturing of cryogenic systems for commercial superconducting gravity gradiometer this also
	includes design and manufacturing of superconducting electrical circuits and gradiometer sensor components.  


	 


	Mr. Tomski currently he oversees design and manufacturing
	of superconducting gravity gradiometer sensor at the start-up company targeting major land exploration and natural resources surveying.


	 


	International Experience:


	 


	2008-present.  Senior research scientist in
	Gedex Technologies Inc., Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. Mr. Tomski is in charge of development and implementation of superconducting
	gravity gradiometer for use by major mining companies for enhanced land surveying.


	 


	2007-2008.      Research
	scientist with the University Of Maryland, Department Of Physics, Gravitation Laboratory, Maryland, USA


	 


	2003-2007.      Research
	scientist and Industrial Post Doctoral Fellow in Ionics Mass Spectrometry Group Inc., Concord, Ontario, Canada. Ionics Mass Spectrometry
	Group Inc. was the start-up company developing performance enhancement equipment upgrades to extend existing commercial mass-spectrometer
	lifetime for major pharmaceutical companies around the world.


	 


	2003-2005.     Mr. Tomski was
	recipient of NSERC Industrial Fellowship. He is author and co-author of a number of industrial patents. Author and co-author of
	several scientific publications in internationally renowned journals. Member of American Society for Mass Spectrometry (ASMS).


	 


	2002-2003.     Research scientist
	position in R&D department of Analytica of Branford Inc., Branford, Connecticut, USA. Analytica of Branford Inc. is high-tech
	industrial company developing analytical tools for major pharmaceutical and bio-medical companies.


	 


	In 2002 Mr. Tomski obtained his Ph.D. in Physics
	from the University of Toronto.


	 


	Mr. Tomski's schedule currently allows him
	to spend up to fifteen hours a week on the operations of our company. He is willing to spend more time with the business as it
	grows. We anticipate him eventually spending about 30 hours a week on matters related to our company's operations.


	 


	The specific experience, qualifications, attributes,
	and skills in design and project management led to the appointment of Mr. Tomski as our President and Director.


	 



	Ksenia Tomskaia - Treasurer



	 


	Ksenia Tomskaia has been our
	Treasurer since inception date of April 17, 2014.  


	 


	Ms. Tomskaia's schedule
	currently allows her to spend up to five hours a week on company's operations. She indicates willingness to devote more
	of her business time as our business grows and her services are needed.


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	10



	 






	 



	 


	Education and Qualifications:


	 


	Software Programming Diploma, PrimeTech Institute,
	Toronto, Canada, 1998


	 


	BMO Financial Business Analysis Professional Accreditation
	Program, Toronto, Canada 2011


	 


	Professional Career Highlights:


	 


	2005-present


	 


	Senior Business Analyst, BMO
	Financial Group, Toronto Canada


	 


	1999-2005


	 


	Programmer
	Analyst and Quality Assurance Analyst, Canada Life Assurance Company, Toronto, Canada


	 


	During the past ten years, Mr.
	Tomski & Ms. Tomskaia have not been the subject of any the following events:


	 


	1. Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against
	any business of which either were a general partner or executive Officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years
	prior to that time.


	 


	2.
	Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding.


	 


	3.
	An order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, or any court of competent jurisdiction,
	permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting either Mr. Tomski or Ms. Tomskaia involvement
	in any type of business, securities or banking activities.


	 


	4.
	Found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity
	Future Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been
	reversed, suspended or vacated.


	 




	Audit committee




	 


	We do not have an audit committee financial expert.
	We do not have an audit committee financial expert because we believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this
	time is prohibitive. Further, because we have no operations, at the present time, we believe the services of a financial expert
	are not warranted.


	 




	Significant employees






	 




	We have no employees other than our sole director,
	Ilia Tomski and our Treasurer, Ksenia Tomskaia; each of them currently devotes approximately 7 hours per week to company matters.
	We intend to hire employees on an as needed basis.



	 





	Item 11. Executive Compensation.



	 







	Name and Principal Position




	Year




	Salary (US$)




	Bonus (US$)




	Stock Awards (US$)




	Option Awards (US$)




	Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (US$)




	Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (US$)




	All Other Compensation (US$)




	Total (US$)






	Ilia Tomski (President)




	2015




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0






	Ilia Tomski (President)




	2016




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0






	Ksenia Tomskaia (Treasurer)




	2015




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0






	Ksenia Tomskaia (Treasurer)




	2016




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0




	0






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 








	 



	11



	 






	 



	 




	Change of control




	 


	As of June 30, 2016, we had no pension plans or compensatory
	plans or other arrangements that provide compensation in the event of a termination of employment or a change in our control.



	 





	Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
	Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.



	 


	The following table provides certain information
	regarding the ownership of our common stock, as of June 30, 2016 and as of September 8, 2016 by:


	 




	•


	Each of our executive officers;






	•


	Each director;






	•


	Each person known to us to own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock; and








	•


	All of our executive
	officers and directors and as a group.




	 






	Title of Class


	 




	Name of




	Beneficial Owner




	 




	Amount and Nature
	of




	Beneficial Ownership




	 


	Percentage


	 




	Common Stock


	 


	Ilia Tomski

	(President and Director)


	 


	5,000,000 shares of common stock


	 


	 


	70.6%


	 




	 


	 


	Ksenia Tomskaia

	(Treasurer)


	 


	80,000 shares of common stock


	 


	 


	1.1%


	 





	 


	The percent of class is based
	on 7,080,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of September 8, 2016.



	 





	Item 13. Certain Relationships
	and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.



	 


	During the year ended June 30, 2016, we had not entered
	into any transactions with our sole officer or director, or persons nominated for these positions, beneficial owners of 5% or more
	of our common stock, or family members of these persons wherein the amount involved in the transaction or a series of similar transactions
	exceeded $120,000.



	 





	Item 14. Principal Accounting
	Fees and Services.



	 


	During fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, we incurred
	$7,350 in fees to our principal independent accountants for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our
	financial statements and for the reviews of our financial statements. Audit fees incurred during the fiscal year ended June 30,
	2015 were $4,050.




	 





	PART IV



	 





	Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement
	Schedules.



	 


	The following exhibits are filed as part of this
	Annual Report.


	 






	31.1


	 


	Certification of Chief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act Of 2002




	31.2


	 


	Certification of Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
	Act Of 2002




	32.1


	 


	Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act




	32.2


	 


	Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act





	101 INS



	 



	XBRL Instance
	Document*






	101 SCH



	 



	XBRL Schema Document

	*





	101 CAL



	 



	XBRL Calculation
	Linkbase Document

	*





	101 LAB



	 



	XBRL Labels Linkbase
	Document

	*





	101 PRE



	 



	XBRL Presentation
	Linkbase Document

	*





	101 DEF



	 



	XBRL Definition
	Linkbase Document

	*




	___________________



	*
	Previously filed


	 


	 


	 








	 



	12



	 








	 



	 





	SIGNATURES




	 



	Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
	of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
	thereunto duly authorized.


	 




	 


	 





	(Registrant)





	ASTERIKO CORP.






	 


	 





	By:





	/s/ Somporn Phatchan,
	CEO






	 


	 




	 



	/s/ Eng Wah
	Kung, CFO





	 


	 





	Date

	:



	March 23

	rd

	, 2017





	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 






	 



	13



	 







	 









	Exhibit 31.1



	 




	302 CERTIFICATION


	 


	I, Somporn Phatchan, certify that:


	 


	1.
	I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual report on Form 10-K/A of Asteriko Corp.


	 


	2.
	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
	the period covered by this report;


	 


	3.
	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
	material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
	in this report;


	 


	4.
	I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
	and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
	registrant and have:


	 


	a.
	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures, to be designed under
	my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
	known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	b.
	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
	designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
	of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	c.
	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
	about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
	such evaluation; and


	 


	d.
	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
	the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
	that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
	reporting; and


	 


	5.
	I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
	auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


	 


	a.
	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
	which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
	and


	 


	b.
	 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
	internal control over financial reporting.


	 


	Date: March 23

	rd

	, 2017


	 


	 



	/s/Somporn Phatchan



	Chief Executive Officer



	 


	 













	Exhibit 31.2



	 




	302 CERTIFICATION


	 


	I, Eng Wah Kung, certify that:


	 


	1.
	I have reviewed this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual report on Form 10-K/A of Asteriko Corp.


	 


	2.
	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
	to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
	the period covered by this report;


	 


	3.
	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
	material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
	in this report;


	 


	4.
	I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
	and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
	registrant and have:


	 


	a.
	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures, to be designed under
	my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
	known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


	 


	b.
	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
	designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
	of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


	 


	c.
	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
	about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
	such evaluation; and


	 


	d.
	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
	the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
	that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
	reporting; and


	 


	5.
	I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's
	auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


	 


	a.
	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
	which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
	and


	 


	b.
	 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
	internal control over financial reporting.


	 


	Date: March 23

	rd

	, 2017


	 


	 



	/s/ Eng Wah Kung



	Chief
	Financial Officer



	 









	Exhibit 32.1



	 




	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO


	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


	SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002


	 


	The
	undersigned officer of Asteriko Corp. (the "Company"), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that
	the Company's Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended June 30, 2016 (the
	"Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the
	information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
	operations of the Company.


	 



	/s/Somporn Phatchan,



	Chief Executive Officer


	 


	 


	 


	March 23

	rd

	, 2017



	 


	 


	 


	 


	 











	Exhibit 32.2



	 




	CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO


	18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350


	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO


	SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
	ACT OF 2002


	 


	The
	undersigned officer of Asteriko Corp. (the "Company"), hereby certifies, to such officer's knowledge, that
	the Company's Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended June 30, 2016 (the
	"Report") fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the
	information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
	operations of the Company.


	 



	/s/
	Eng Wah Kung



	Chief
	Financial Officer


	 


	 


	 


	March 23

	rd

	, 2017



	 


	 


	 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















National Pen® Official Site | Promotional Products Since 1966






























 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  
























Quick Shopping Links

Toggle Links



 Quick Shopping Links   National Pen Brand  Buy 1, Get Some Free  Sales & Closeout New Products  Best Selling Products  Rush Service  Full Color Designs 









Submit









Personalized Pens  Retractable Pens Plastic Pens Metal Pens Gel Ink Pens Blue Ink Pens BIC & National Pen  Bags  Tote Bags Coolers  Drinkware  Travel Mugs Water Bottles  Office  Magnets Letter Openers  Auto & Home  Key Chains Flashlights  Stationery  Note Pads Sticky Notes Calendars  Popular Brands  BIC PaperMate Uni-Ball Sharpie KOOZIE 







xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!
































 Popular Searches    Contour Pens Squiggle Pens Colorama Pens Cirrus Pens     DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Superball Pen Flashlight Pens     Custom Selfie Stick Key Chain Flashlight  Stylus Pens BIC Pens     Tech Gadgets Budget Friendly Products Low Minimum Pens All Promotional Products    




National Pen®  - Your #1 source for promotional products and personalized pens
National Pen®  offers high quality personalized products at factory-direct pricing.  In business over 45 years, we manufacture and assemble many of our promotional products in the USA.  Advertise your business by imprinting your company name or logo on personalized pens, key chains, note pads, magnets, calendars, mugs, tote bags & more.  Personalized promotional products are perfect for trade show giveaways, customer appreciation, corporate events, and marketing your brand.




























+Close
Join Our Email List


Join our list to be the first to know about new products, special offers, sales and more!
Plus, get 15% off  your next order.


Email:


First Name:


Last Name:


Cancel


                            You can opt out at anytime. Please refer to our Privacy Policy
 or Contact Us
 for more details












XClose
Survey



















BBB Business Profile | National Pen Company





























Home
 > 
Accredited Business Directory
 > 
Advertising Specialties
 > 
National Pen Company














BBB Accredited Business Profile






National Pen Company



Request a Quote

































National Pen Company






            Business Information
        






(866) 900-7367

National Pen Company
41 years in business
Headquarters

        12121 Scripps Summit Dr #200
        San Diego, CA 92131
    




 EMAIL
            

                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (858) 675-3030
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (800) 854-1000
                        




                    Additional Email Addresses
                


                            CustomerCare@pens.com
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.orderpens.com


http://www.pens.com


http://www.perfectpen.ca






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 03/01/1976
            

                Business Started: 03/01/1976


                Business Incorporated: 06/04/2013 in CA





            Type of Entity
             
            Limited Liability Company       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Ms. Jennifer Smith, Sales & Service Trainer
                

                    Mr. Gregg Kornfeld, Executive Vice President, Sales
                

                    Mr. Tom Liguori, President
                

                    Mr. Rich Obrigowitch, Vice President, Controller
                






            Business Category
        


                Advertising Specialties
            







            Service Area
        
         SAN DIEGO COUNTY, CA

    



            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Internet Design Technologies - IDT
                

                    National Pen Co LLC
                

                    Atlas Pen & Pencil
                







                    Number of Employees: 
                
                1,287
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        







                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            






Overview


This company offers pens and other accessories.

 








        Request a Quote
    





Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint










BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























National Pen Company






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        












 




                National Pen Company
            
BBB ACCREDITATION SINCE 03/10/1976










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    







93%




[1] Positive Reviews



[1] Neutral Reviews



[25] Negative Reviews



[27] Total Customer Reviews
                        





[41] Total Customer Complaints
                        










Composite Score:





                        National Pen Company has received 3.75 out of 5 stars based on 27 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        









        Request a Quote
    






Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 























 


















Rush Promotional Products - Promo Items Ship in 48 Hours | National Pen






















































  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  





























Rush Products




































Narrow Your Search:

Toggle filter



Price



						$0.39 or Less (7)
					  





						$0.40 - $0.59 (7)
					  





						$0.60 - $0.79 (3)
					  





						$0.80 - $0.99 (2)
					  





						$1.00 - $1.49 (5)
					  





						$1.50 - $1.99 (5)
					  





						$2.00 - $2.99 (4)
					  





						$3.00 - $4.99 (5)
					  





						$5.00 - $9.99 (4)
					  





						$10.00 or More (2)
					  


Colors



						Black (29)
					  





						Blue (37)
					  





						Green (26)
					  





						Orange (17)
					  





						Pink (15)
					  





						Purple (19)
					  





						Red (31)
					  





						Silver (14)
					  





						Yellow (11)
					  


Current Offers



						FREE Stuff (6)
					  





						On Sale! (1)
					  


Minimum Quantity



						10 - 49 (9)
					  





						50 - 99 (14)
					  





						100 - 199 (18)
					  





						200 or More (3)
					  


Hot Products



						Best Sellers (10)
					  





						Eco-Friendly (5)
					  





						Full Color (4)
					  


Brand



						Atlas (2)
					  





						Cutter & Buck (1)
					  





						National Pen (20)
					  





Recently Viewed Products:

Toggle Recently Viewed





You have no recently viewed items










xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!






Rush Promotional Products


        44 results found











Items per page:


                                      12
24
36
48
All

Sort by:

Default
Best Sellers
Price: Low - High
Price: High - Low
Minimum Quantity
Name: A - Z
Name: Z - A


  Grid
  List




















				Contour Pen





						As low as

		$0.53

						each!


















				Paragon Pen and Stylus Tip





						As low as

		$1.09

						each!


















				Colorama Pen





						As low as

		$0.32

						each!


















				Soft Touch Paragon Pen in Executive Colors-Medium





						As low as

		$1.19

						each!


















				Superball Pen





						As low as

		$0.15

						each!


















				My Favorite Pen





						As low as

		$0.38

						each!


















				Translucent Squiggle Pen





						As low as

		$0.43

						each!


















				Classic Squiggle Pen





						As low as

		$0.52

						each!


















				Colorama Sparkler Pen





						As low as

		$0.32

						each!


















				Focus Flashlight Pen





						As low as

		$0.49

						each!


















				Round Pencil





						As low as

		$0.14

						each!


















				Small Heavy Cotton Canvas Boat Tote





						As low as

		$8.19

						each!














1
2
3
 »



In a Hurry? Rush Promotional Items Ship in 48 Hours

Although it would be nice to have weeks in advance to plan your next marketing campaign, the reality is that this is not always the case. In some instances, you might only have a few days to put together your next marketing event. Regardless of how much or how little time you have, it is critical to the success of your business that you be able to impress clients and prospective customers. Promotional products are a great way to do that. If you have an upcoming corporate event or tradeshow and you want to pass out great promotional items but think there is not enough time, taking advantage of rush products could be just the solution you need.

Although promotional rush products are available on short notice, the quality of these products is in no way compromised. Each of these product options offers the same quality you would expect when utilizing the standard delivery service. The only difference is that when you take advantage of the rush service, you can have your products shipped in as little as 48 hours. A wide array of products is available through this service. As a result, you can take advantage of the ability to choose a customized promotional product that is ideal for your marketing needs. The broad range of price points also makes it possible for you to launch your next marketing campaign while sticking to your budget.

Whether you are looking for a colorful magnet or a quality pen to pass out to tradeshow recipients, you can rest assured that these personalized rush products will keep attention focused on your business. If you have a marketing event looming in the near future, imprinted rush products can provide your business with the brand exposure you need just in the nick of time.
	    	

























New Promotional Products to Boost Business | National Pen





































 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  





























New Products




































Narrow Your Search:

Toggle filter



Category



						Bags (35)
					  





						Drinkware (1)
					  


Product Colors



						Black (15)
					  





						Blue (15)
					  





						Brown (3)
					  





						Gray (1)
					  





						Green (10)
					  





						Orange (5)
					  





						Purple (7)
					  





						Red (6)
					  





						Silver (10)
					  





						Translucent (11)
					  





						White (21)
					  





						Yellow (4)
					  


Price



						$1.00 - $1.49 (17)
					  





						$1.50 - $1.99 (18)
					  





						$3.00 - $4.99 (1)
					  


Shipping



						Ships in 4-10 Business Days (35)
					  





						Ships in 11-15 Business Days (1)
					  


Minimum Quantity



						50 - 99 (1)
					  





						100 - 199 (35)
					  


Brand



						National Pen (1)
					  





Recently Viewed Products:

Toggle Recently Viewed





You have no recently viewed items










xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!






New Products


        36 results found











Items per page:


                                      12
24
36
48
All

Sort by:

Default
Best Sellers
Price: Low - High
Price: High - Low
Minimum Quantity
Name: A - Z
Name: Z - A


  Grid
  List




















				Vp Frosted Plastic Bag-Clear Tube Handles 10" x 8"





						As low as

		$1.90

						each!


















				Paris Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.48

						each!


















				Mars Frosted Plastic Bag-Loop Handles 8" x 10"





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Pisces Frosted Plastic Bag-Macramé Handles 10"x8"





						As low as

		$1.60

						each!


















				Jewel Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.40

						each!


















				London Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.65

						each!


















				McKinley Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.92

						each!


















				Jumbo Large Bottom T-Shirt Style Bag - Hot Stamp





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Scorpio Frosted Plstc Bag-Macramé Handles 13"x10"





						As low as

		$1.70

						each!


















				Chablis Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.56

						each!


















				Jupiter Plastic Bag





						As low as

		$1.58

						each!


















				Rome Paper Bag





						As low as

		$1.73

						each!














1
2
3



Your personalized new promotional products will do more than offer people an item that they can use constantly; they will promote your business and remind people that you are just a phone call away.

At National Pen, we have several new promotional products that will impress anyone who receives them. As with all our pens, you can personalize the new promotional products to bear your company's name, the street address, the telephone number and your website address. These pens can even be printed with your logo in full color. Our online tools with a wide selection of colors and fonts makes it easy to customize a new promotional product that will market your brand and help people remember you.

All our custom new promotional products are low priced to easily fit into your advertising budget. They are highly cost-effective, but they are also of extremely high quality. National Pen products are built to last so that they can keep your company's name in your customers' minds. You will always be proud to hand out our personalized pens to promote your company.

Sending your regular customers promotional pens is a great way to remind them that you appreciate their business. Customized products are also good for attracting new clients. If you're going to participate in a trade show, giving away pens would encourage the passers-by to remember your booth and select your services. Any time that you need to market your business at a corporate event, customized pens will be a gift that the recipient can remember. Whether as a giveaway prize or part of a marketing set, new promotional products by National Pen can help set your company apart from the competition. 

We always offer high quality and low prices on customized new promotional products. For your advertising needs, choose National Pen. 




























Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products | National Pen
























 














  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  


















 



xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!




  Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products        Shop all Budget Friendly Products                  Shop all Budget Friendly Products         100 for $99 + 50 free   SHOP NOW       contour pens          50 for $64.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens            50 for $49.50   SHOP NOW       Cabaret Stylus Pens          150 for $73.50   SHOP NOW       Executive Cirrus Pens            100 for $59.00   SHOP NOW       DynaGrip Silver Pen          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Crystal Pen            100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Cayes Gel Pen          100 for $65.00   SHOP NOW       Opal Pen            200 for $62.00 + 100 free   SHOP NOW       Superball Pens          50 for $69.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens & Stylus Tips            100 for $68.00   SHOP NOW       Metro Gel Pens          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       TRANSLUCENT SQUIGGLE PENS              Budget promotional products from National Pen are designed to attract the right kind of attention to your business - all at prices that will comfortably fit any budget. Our cheap promotional items include a variety of customizable gifts - including many of our best-selling pens and cheap promotional pen sets. Best of all, we eliminate the guesswork and create pre-selected promotional packages that will help you to spotlight your business or organization, all while keeping more of your marketing budget intact. By offering special, budget promotional pricing on many of our most effective promotional pens, we can simplify the process of ordering custom pens to help you to target more key players in your industry. Our legendary Contour pen is included in our offerings of cheap promotional items. The Contour promotional pen delivers tremendous value with a jumbo-sized barrel, handy pocket clip, smooth-writing ink cartridge, soft rubber gripping surface, and generously-sized imprint field that can hold several lines of personalized text. Shop now and receive factory-direct pricing on these cheap promotional pens. If your tastes run a bit more contemporary, you and your clients will love our Paragon pen, which delivers sleek lines, subtle chrome accents, a polished pocket clip, gleaming low-profile barrel, and plenty of space for your customized message. Looking for combination budget promotional products? Consider the Paragon pen with stylus tip. This handy pen features all of the executive style of our standard Paragon pen but also includes a handy stylus tip that makes interfacing with any touchscreen a simple - and smudge-free, action. Or, our cheap promotional Superball pens will make you feel like you've won the lottery, as significant quantities can be had for pennies on the dollar. Again, these pens, and virtually all of the other pens within our extensive catalog of cheap promotional items, are customizable with your choice of text or graphics. When you are ready to place an order for a batch of budget-friendly products, simply contact us directly or click on the blue customize button on each individual product page. Within minutes you'll create a personalized order at an incredibly low upfront cost. Upon receiving your completed order request, we will get to work immediately and prepare your custom order for shipping in a matter of days. We invite you to customize your order with your choice of imprint - so get creative and include your business contact information, marketing or advertising message, your logo or graphics, or anything else that you feel will add value to your presentation. We will then employ sophisticated engraving or imprinting techniques to bring your creation to life! As always, you'll shop with total confidence at National Pen. We bring decades of experience and leadership to the table, and we offer a 100% quality guarantee, low factory-direct pricing, and an expansive catalog of budget promotional products. Contact us today to get started and we'll help you to assemble a customized order of cheap promotional items that will create added awareness for your brand. We look forward to working with you - after all, your image is our business!     

 







