





Boberg, W. William - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































W. William Boberg
W. WILLIAM BOBERG, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Ur-Energy
Inc., was the company’s senior US geologist and Vice President of US Operations
prior to 2006. Before his initial involvement with the company in 2004, he was a
consulting geologist, having over 35 years’ experience investigating, assessing
and developing a wide variety of mineral resources in a broad variety of
geologic environments in western North America, South America and Africa.
Companies that Mr. Boberg has worked for include Gulf Minerals, Hecla Mining,
Anaconda, Continental Oil Minerals Department, Wold Nuclear, Kennecott, Western
Mining, Canyon Resources and Africa Mineral Resource Specialists. Mr. Boberg has
over 20 years’ experience exploring for uranium in the continental US. He
discovered the Moore Ranch Uranium Deposit, the Ruby Ranch Uranium Deposit as
well as several smaller deposits in Wyoming’s Powder River Basin. He received
his Bachelor’s degree in Geology from Montana State University and his Master’s
degree in Geology from the University of Colorado. He is a registered Wyoming
Professional Geologist and fellow of the Society of Economic Geologists. He is a
member of the Society for Mining, Metallurgy & Exploration Inc., American
Institute of Professional Geologists (for which he is a certified geologist),
the Denver Regional Exploration Society and the American Association of
Petroleum Geologists. Mr. Boberg is also a Director for Aura Silver Resources
Inc.
Related Interviews:W. William Boberg - Ur-energy Inc. (ure:tsx)May 18, 2009







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google


















W. William Boberg - Ur-energy Inc. (ure:tsx) - The Wall Street Transcript














































 






































Natural Resources >> CEO Interviews >> May 18, 2009 W. William Boberg – Ur-energy Inc. (ure:tsx)
W. WILLIAM BOBERG, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Ur-Energy 
Inc., was the company's senior US geologist and Vice President of US Operations 
prior to 2006. Before his initial involvement with the company in 2004, he was a 
consulting geologist, having over 35 years' experience investigating, assessing 
and developing a wide variety of mineral resources in a broad variety of 
geologic environments in western North America, South America and Africa. 
Companies that Mr. Boberg has worked for include Gulf Minerals, Hecla Mining, 
Anaconda, Continental Oil Minerals Department, Wold Nuclear, Kennecott, Western 
Mining, Canyon Resources and Africa Mineral Resource Specialists. Mr. Boberg has 
over 20 years' experience exploring for uranium in the continental US. He 
discovered the Moore Ranch Uranium Deposit, the Ruby Ranch Uranium Deposit as 
well as several smaller deposits in Wyoming's Powder River Basin. He received 
his Bachelor's degree in Geology from Montana State University and his Master's 
degree in Geology from the University of Colorado. He is a registered Wyoming 
Professional Geologist and fellow of the Society of Economic Geologists. He is a 
member of the Society for Mining, Metallurgy & Exploration Inc., American 
Institute of Professional Geologists (for which he is a certified geologist), 
the Denver Regional Exploration Society and the American Association of 
Petroleum Geologists. Mr. Boberg is also a Director for Aura Silver Resources 
Inc. Profile


TWST: Let's begin with a brief historical sketch of the company and a picture of the things you are doing at the present time.Mr. Boberg: Our company is a pure-play uranium company that was
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google





















W. William Boberg - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















W. William Boberg
Board Member at UR-Energy Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you W. William Boberg? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view W. William Boberg's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in W. William Boberg's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in W. William Boberg's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with W. William Boberg through your network of contacts.
												








W. William Boberg's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
UR-Energy Inc.


Past
To view W. William Boberg's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
77

 
 


W. William Boberg's Biography



Mr. Boberg has served as a director of the Company since January 2006. Mr. Boberg served as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer (2006 to 2011). Prior to that time, Mr. Boberg was the Company's senior U.S. geologist and Vice President U.S. Operations (2004 to 2006). Before his initial involvement with the Company, he was a consulting geologist having over 40 years experience investigating, assessing and developing a wide variety of mineral resources in diverse geologic environments in western North America, South America and Africa. Mr. Boberg worked for Gulf Minerals, Hecla Mining, Anaconda, Continental Oil Minerals Department ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Boberg has served as a director of the Company since January 2006. Mr. Boberg served as the Company's President and Chief Executive Officer (2006 to 2011). Prior to that time, Mr. Boberg was the Company's senior U.S. geologist and Vice President U.S. Operations (2004 to 2006). Before his initial involvement with the Company, he was a consulting geologist having over 40 years experience investigating, assessing and developing a wide variety of mineral resources in diverse geologic environments in western North America, South America and Africa. Mr. Boberg worked for Gulf Minerals, Hecla Mining, Anaconda, Continental Oil Minerals Department, Wold Nuclear, Kennecott, Western Mining, Canyon Resources and Africa Mineral Resource Specialists. Mr. Boberg has over 20 years of experience exploring for uranium in the continental U.S. He discovered the Moore Ranch Uranium Deposit and the Ruby Ranch Uranium Deposit as well as several smaller deposits in Wyoming's Powder River Basin.  He received his Bachelor's Degree in Geology from Montana State University and his Master's Degree in Geology from the University of Colorado. He is a registered Wyoming Professional Geologist and fellow of the Society of Economic Geologists. He is a member of the Society for Mining, Metallurgy & Exploration Inc., American Institute of Professional Geologists (for which he is a Certified Professional Geologist), the Denver Regional Exploration Society and the American Association of Petroleum Geologists. Mr. Boberg is also a director for Aura Silver Resources Inc. (since June 2008).     The Board of Directors has concluded that Mr. Boberg is well qualified and should serve as a director on the basis of his contributions to the Company since 2004 (since 2006 as a director and, from 2006 until 2011, as the President and CEO), as well as his more than 40 years of experience in mineral resources exploration and development.
		
Source: UR-Energy Inc. on 04/21/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view W. William Boberg's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like W. William Boberg. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in W. William Boberg's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in W. William Boberg's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with W. William Boberg through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: W. William Boberg


















W. William Boberg's Connections (16)





Sign up now to view W. William Boberg's 16 connections »









Penne A. Goplerud
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, UR-Energy Inc.









Jeffrey T. Klenda
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, UR-Energy Inc.









Roger L. Smith
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administration Officer, UR-Energy Inc.









John W. Cash
Vice President, Regulatory Affairs, UR-Energy Inc.









Steven M. Hatten
Vice President, Operations, UR-Energy Inc.









Paul Macdonell
Board Member, UR-Energy Inc.









Thomas H. Parker
Lead Independent Director, UR-Energy Inc.









James M. Franklin
Board Member, UR-Energy Inc.









Gary C. Huber
Board Member, Gold Resource Corp









Wayne W. Heili
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, UR-Energy Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















BOBERG W. WILLIAM Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BOBERG W. WILLIAM
                    

•   LITTLETON, CO
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Boberg W. William is based out of Littleton.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BOBERG W. WILLIAM, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




boberg w. william


10758 W. CENTENNIAL ROAD

LITTLETON
CO
                                                        
                                                    80202









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 12/20/2016
4 filed on 12/13/2016
4 filed on 01/26/2016
4 filed on 01/13/2016
4 filed on 12/11/2015
4 filed on 08/19/2015
4 filed on 03/04/2015
4/A filed on 02/11/2015
4 filed on 01/26/2015
4 filed on 01/06/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















William Boberg Facebook, Twitter & MySpace on PeekYou















































































 Name
 Username
 Phone




Search by Name



Please enter a First Name



Please enter a Last Name




Location
World
USA
AlaskaAlabamaArkansasArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutWashington, DCDelawareFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachussetsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming

Please enter the location





























Search Tools



Jump To:

Social Media
Public Records
Phone
Email
Web Search
Images


17 Matches for William Boberg









Country





Region





City





Gender
Male
Female



Age 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99


 - 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99

































 









 

 

 

 





1


2


3


Next 











Public Records & Background Checks












































						 William Boberg - Instant Search
					


					View Now


					Free addresses, phone numbers, and social media links
				 







Arrest Records & Driving Infractions










					 William Boberg				





				Search their Arrest Records, Driving Records, Contact Information, Photos and More...	
			 







Phonebook









							We Found  William Boberg						











							1)  William Boberg's Phone & Current Address
						


 View All Details











						2) Social Media Profiles & More - Search Free!
					


 View All Details


















							 William Boberg's Phone #, Address & More
						


 View All Details











							 William Boberg's Contact Info, Social Profiles & More
						


 View All Details


















					 William Boberg - Get Contact Information
				



				Phone Number











					 William Boberg - Reverse Phone Search - Get Photos & Online Profiles Instantly!
				



				Phone Number








Email Addresses












						View William's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, william****@gmail
					











						View William's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, william****@yahoo
					











						View William's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, william****@hotmail
					











						View William's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, william****@aol
					











							View William's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, william****@outlook
						








Contact Information & Address History










					 William Boberg				





				Discover  William Boberg's address history, phone, age & more.
			 







Facebook








Twitter








Pinterest








Wikipedia








Instagram








Google+








Linkedin








Foursquare








Music








Photo Albums








Myspace











Documents








Web Search








Images




































Find Out Who Called!






				There was a time when a ringing phone was a mysterious beckoning, one approached with bravery and cautious optimism. Most phones have been equipped wi…
			
Read More





















































 











   







































Scroll



 

William Boberg  W. - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











William Boberg  W.
Check out list of companies and businesses related to William Boberg  W.. Find out William Boberg  W. address and contact details. View other people related to William Boberg  W. - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

10758 W Centennial Road Suite 200 Littleton 80127 CO




Companies related to William Boberg  W.
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001375205UR-ENERGY INCSUITE 200 10758 W. CENTENNIAL ROAD LITTLETON 80127




William Boberg  W. on the Web
Persons related to William Boberg  W. - UR-ENERGY INCNamePositionCityW. WILLIAM  BOBERGDirector LITTLETONW. WILLIAM  BOBERGDirector LITTLETONJAMES A  BONNERVice President, Geology LITTLETONJAMES A  BONNERVice President, Geology LITTLETONJOHN  CASHVP of Regulatory Affairs LITTLETONJOHN  CASHSee Remarks LITTLETONJOHN  CASHSee remarks LITTLETONJAMES M.  FRANKLINDirector LITTLETONJAMES M.  FRANKLINDirector LITTLETONPENNE A  GOPLERUDGen. Counsel & Corp. Secretary LITTLETONPENNE A  GOPLERUDGen. Counsel & Corp. Secretary LITTLETONBacker  HaroldLittletonSTEVEN M.  HATTENVice President Operations LITTLETONSTEVEN M.  HATTENVice President Operations LITTLETONWAYNE W.  HEILIPresident and CEO LITTLETONWAYNE W.  HEILIPresident and CEO LITTLETONWAYNE W.  HEILIPresident and CEO LITTLETONGARY C  HUBERDirector GOLDENFranklin  JamesLittletonFRANKLIN  JAMESLITTLETONFranklin  JamesLittletonKlenda  JeffreyLittletonKLENDA  JEFFREYLITTLETONKlenda  JeffreyLittletonCash  JohnLittletonCASH  JOHNLITTLETONJEFFREY T.  KLENDAPresident and CEO LITTLETONJEFFREY T.  KLENDASee Remarks LITTLETONJEFFREY T.  KLENDASee remarks LITTLETONPAUL  MACDONELLDirector LITTLETONPAUL  MACDONELLDirector LITTLETONThomas H  ParkerDirector KALISPELLThomas H  ParkerDirector LITTLETONThomas H  ParkerDirector LITTLETONThomas H  ParkerLITTLETONGoss  PaulLittletonMacdonell  PaulLittletonMacdonell  PaulLittletonMACDONELL  PAULLITTLETONPitman  PaulLittletonGoplerud  PenneLittletonGOPLERUD  PENNELITTLETONSmith  RogerLittletonSmith  RogerLittletonSMITH  ROGERLITTLETONROGER L.  SMITHCFO/Chief Admin. Officer LITTLETONROGER L.  SMITHLITTLETONHatten  SteveLittletonHATTEN  STEVENLITTLETONParker  ThomasLittletonParker  ThomasLittletonPARKER  THOMASLITTLETONBoberg  W.LittletonBoberg  W.LittletonBOBERG  W.LITTLETONHeili  WayneLittletonHEILI  WAYNELITTLETONHeili  WayneLittleton




Other people with surname BobergBOBERG  W, Boberg  Jay, Boberg  Dan, Boberg  Dan, Boberg  Jay, Boberg  Dan, Boberg  Richard, Boberg  Dan, Boberg  Jay








 






    Bill Boberg | Ur-Energy Inc. | ZoomInfo.com﻿



Williams Products Incorporated











Home


Products


Concrete


Masonry


Thermal and Water Protection
 


Custom Designs


Tech Data


Sealants









Welcome to Williams Products



A Worldwide supplier of Construction Seal 
				and Gasket Material






The Williams Product line, 
Everlastic®, 
				covers a wide variety of "Job Tested" products specifically 
				designed and manufactured to fulfill a required function.  They 
				are widely specified by the Architect/Engineer and used by the 
				concerned contractor.


					Williams Products, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
					distributes architectural gaskets, seals, and waterstops. 
					Established in 1953, we have over 75 years of combined in 
					house experience and have developed many extruded neoprene 
					gaskets that have been the standard of the concrete and 
					masonry industries, with many of our products being original 
					concepts that are patented and trademarked.
					 

					 

					We have long supplied major contractors throughout the 
					world, as well as U.S. government agencies; providing our 
					materials for dams, bridges, wastewater treatment 
					facilities, hydroelectric, coal, and nuclear power plants. 
					We have recently expanded to include OEM and automotive, and 
					currently supply products to companies such as:


					 



·        
							

							Bechtel Power Corp.

·        
							

							TVA

·        
							

							The Bureau of Reclamation

·        
							

							US Army Corp of Engineers

·        
							

							G.E.

·        
							

							Whirlpool, and many more….





					 

					Our material can be purchased through approved dealer 
					networks throughout the U.S., as well as our representatives 
					worldwide. Call us today for your special needs Toll Free at 
					800-521-9594 or email one of our specialists for your 
					requirements.







Comprehensive stocks of all items are 
				carried at all times.
				Assuring you, in most cases, shipment with in 24 hours of the 
				receipt of an order.



This site offers technical information for 
				our products and addresses applications based on the needs of 
				the architect.  Please feel free to contact us for any 
				additional information you may need, catalogues, copies of 
				technical data or material samples.





You may 
						contact us by;
 


Phone: 
Toll Free 
						800-521-9594    or      
						248-643-6400


Fax:

						248-643-7117


Email:


						Wilpro@williamsproducts.net













To the best 
				of our knowledge this published information is accurate, 
				however, to determine suitability of material/product for a 
				specific application is the user's responsibility.  
				Williams Products, Inc. shall not be liable for any loss or 
				damage resulting from inappropriate usage.






Click 
		Here for our Online Catalogue 
		



Everlastic®
is a registered trademark of Williams Products. All other 
		products mentioned are registered trademarks or trademarks of their 
		respective companies.






Contact 
				Williams Products:

				Phone: 800-521-9594 or 248-643-6400 or Email:


				Wilpro@williamsproducts.net  



Contact 
				Information
















 




W. William Boberg M.Sc, P.Geo.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 1:10 PM ET
Metals and Mining

Company Overview of International Precious Minerals Group, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
W. William Boberg M.Sc, P.Geo.Vice President of Exploration and Director, International Precious Minerals Group, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships77--
Background

		Mr. W. William Boberg, also known as Bill, M.Sc, P.Geo., served as the Chief Executive Officer of UR-Energy Inc. from June 29, 2006 to August 2011. Mr. Boberg serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Ur Energy USA Inc. Mr. Boberg has over 40 years experience investigating, assessing and developing a wide variety of mineral resources in a broad variety of geologic environments in western North America, Africa, Asia and South America. He has over twenty years ... experience exploring for uranium in the continental US with particular emphasis on Wyoming. He serves as Vice President of Exploration at International Precious Minerals Group Inc. He serves as a Consultant at Aura Silver Resources Inc. He served as the President of UR-Energy Inc., from January 11,2006 to May 16, 2011. He served as Senior U.S. Geologist at Ur-Energy Inc. and also served as its Vice President of U.S. Operations from September 2004 to January 2006. He has worked for Gulf Minerals, Continental Oil Corporation, Hecla Mining Company, Anaconda, Conoco Minerals, Wold Nuclear, Kennecott, Western Mining Corporation, Patrician Gold and Canyon Resources, holding management positions in most of these companies, as well being president of Africa Mineral Resource Specialists. He has been a Director of UR-Energy Inc. since January 2006. He has been an Independent Director for Aura Silver Resources Inc. since June 2008. He served as a Director of ARNEVUT Resources, Inc. He serves as a Director of International Precious Minerals Group Inc., Patrician Gold Mines and Canyon Resources Africa Ltd. He is a registered Professional Geologist in Wyoming, a Certified Professional Geologist through the American Institute of Professional Geologists and fellow of the Society of Economic Geologists. He is a member of the Society for Mining, Metallurgy & Exploration Inc., American Institute of Professional Geologists (for which he is a certified geologist), the Denver Regional Exploration Society and the American Association of Petroleum Geologists. He received his Bachelor's Degree in Geology from Montana State University and his Master's Degree in Geology from the University of Colorado.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
8420 South Continental Divide RoadDenver, Colorado 80127United StatesPhone: 720-222-1038Fax: 719-302-5450
Board Members Memberships
Vice President of Exploration and DirectorInternational Precious Minerals Group, Inc.2006-PresentDirectorUR-Energy Inc.2008-PresentIndependent DirectorAura Silver Resources Inc.
Education
Master's Degree University of Colorado–BoulderBachelor's Degree Montana State University
Other Affiliations
University of Colorado–BoulderMontana State UniversityAura Silver Resources Inc.UR-Energy Inc.Ur-Energy USA Inc.ARNEVUT Resources, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact International Precious Minerals Group, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























