





Cauwenbergh, Geert - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Geert  Cauwenbergh
GEERT CAUWENBERGH is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and founder
of Barrier Therapeutics. Prior to founding Barrier, Dr. Cauwenbergh was
Vice President of Technology of the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) Consumer and
Personal Care Products Companies. In this capacity, he created
technology platforms based on intellectual property and know-how owned
by Johnson & Johnson, and developed a business proposition around these
platforms as the basis for new companies or new businesses within J&J.
The creation of Barrier Therapeutics as a separate company devoted to
the clinical development and commercialization of dermatological
products in-licensed from J&J affiliates is a direct consequence of his
efforts in this area. Previously, Dr. Cauwenbergh served as Vice
President of Research & Development of the J&J Consumer Companies
Worldwide, managing a global organization of over 100 people, with an
annual budget of $35 million, and he also was a member of the J&J
Business Development Council. In 1994, Dr. Cauwenbergh became Vice
President of Product Development and a member of the Management Board of
the US J&J Consumer Company. He also was the Director of the Corporate
Skin Care Council of J&J, coordinating the skin care activities in the
different operating groups of the corporation. Earlier in his career, he
held positions in sales, and national and international marketing, and
he was responsible for the successful global introduction of Nizoral’
(ketoconazole). Dr. Cauwenbergh joined the R&D organization of the
Janssen Research Foundation in 1982, where he held positions of
increasing global responsibility and oversaw development of drugs such
as Sporanox’, Nizoral’ Shampoo, Terazol’, and topical Sufrexa’. His R&D
activities have also involved him in the fields of psoriasis, acne,
wound healing, atopic dermatitis, protozoal infections, and HIV. Dr.
Cauwenbergh has authored over 100 publications and co-authored several
books. He received his PhD.in Medical Sciences from the Catholic
University of Leuven, Faculty of Medicine, where he also completed his
Master’s and undergraduate work.
Related Interviews:Geert Cauwenbergh - Barrier Therapeutics (btrx)October 27, 2004Geert Cauwenbergh - Barrier Therapeutics IncOctober 14, 2002







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












 


Geert Cauwenbergh | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Geert CauwenberghLocationPlainsboro, New JerseyIndustryPharmaceuticalsRecommendations1 person has recommended Geert500+ connectionsView Geert’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Geert’s Full ProfileGeert’s ActivityHello,
Proud to announce the golive of CUBZZ on linkedin....Geert likedSkillsBiotechnologyPharmaceutical IndustryMedicineR&DStrategyEntrepreneurshipCross-functional Team LeadershipBusiness PlanningClinical TrialsCommercializationFDABiochemistryDrug DevelopmentManagementProduct LaunchSee 35+Drug DiscoveryClinical DevelopmentDiabetesInfectious DiseasesVenture CapitalLeadershipCROBusiness DevelopmentProduct DevelopmentCardiologyManaged CareMedical DevicesDermatologyBiopharmaceuticalsOncologyLifesciencesMergers & AcquisitionsIntellectual PropertyTechnology TransferSales EffectivenessLife SciencesImmunologyMolecular BiologyClinical ResearchGMPPharmacologyNeurologyRegulatory AffairsValidationPatentsStart-upsLicensingPharmaceutical SalesSciencePharmaceuticsSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!View Geert’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Geert directlyView Geert’s Full ProfileNot the Geert you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedMichael KramsGlobal Head of Quantitative Sciences at Janssen Pharmaceuticals, IncDavid PernockPresident at Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Drew FromkinPresident, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman at Tarveda TherapeuticsMathai MammenIn transition to Global Head of R&D, Janssen/J&JJohn VavrickaPresident and CEO at Biothea PharmaJeff BehrensCEO, Siamab Therapeutics, Inc.Henri LichensteinPresident and Chief Executive Officer at LAM TherapeuticsLyn LibertineClinical TrialsGiovanni CaforioChairman and Chief Executive Officer at Bristol-Myers SquibbSteve CarchediChief Executive Officer at Cornerstone PharmaceuticalsPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Geert CauwenberghFirst NameLast NameExample:  Geert CauwenberghGeert CauwenberghUnited StatesMore professionals named Geert CauwenberghLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















 



RXi Pharmaceuticals Appoints Industry Veteran Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh as President and Chief Executive Officer | Business Wire
























































RXi Pharmaceuticals Appoints Industry Veteran Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh 
      as President and Chief Executive Officer






May 10, 2012 06:50 AM Eastern Daylight Time



WORCESTER, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (OTCBB: RXII.OB) today announced that 
      Geert Cauwenbergh, Dr. Med. Sc. has been appointed as the Company’s 
      President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Cauwenbergh brings more than 
      30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including a 
      successful track record developing and commercializing dermatological 
      drugs. Dr. Cauwenbergh will also serve as a director on the Company’s 
      board.
    


      “RXi’s next generation RNAi platform shows great promise, and I am 
      excited to be joining this science-driven company,” stated Dr. 
      Cauwenbergh. “I look forward to working closely with the RXi team as we 
      progress the Company’s lead product candidate for dermal scarring, 
      RXI-109, into human clinical trials in 2012, while also working to 
      create long-term shareholder value through the advancement of RXi’s 
      robust platform.”
    

      Prior to joining RXi, Dr. Cauwenbergh served as Chairman and Chief 
      Executive Officer of Barrier Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly-traded 
      biopharmaceutical company he founded in 2001 that focused on dermatology 
      drug development. Barrier was acquired by Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. in 
      2008. Prior to founding Barrier, Dr. Cauwenbergh held a number of 
      ascending senior management positions at Johnson & Johnson, where he was 
      employed for 23 years. As Vice President, Research and Development for 
      Johnson & Johnson’s Skin Research Center, he was responsible for the 
      worldwide research and development of all skin care products for the 
      Johnson & Johnson consumer companies. He is a member of the board of 
      directors of Ablynx NV and Euroscreen S.A., both European biotechnology 
      companies. In 2005, Dr. Cauwenbergh was inducted into the New Jersey 
      High-Tech Hall of Fame, and, from 2009 to 2010, he served as Chairman of 
      the Board of Trustees of BioNJ. He has authored more than 100 
      publications and has been a guest editor for a number of books in 
      mycology and infectious diseases. Dr. Cauwenbergh received his Doctorate 
      in Medical Sciences from the Catholic University of Leuven, Faculty of 
      Medicine (Belgium), where he also completed his masters and 
      undergraduate work.
    

About RXi Pharmaceuticals


      RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (OTCBB: RXII.OB) is a biotechnology 
      company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing 
      innovative therapies based on its proprietary, next-generation RNAi 
      platform. Therapeutics that use RNA interference, or “RNAi,” have great 
      promise because of their ability to “silence,” or down-regulate, the 
      expression of a specific gene that may be overexpressed in a disease 
      condition. Building on the pioneering work of scientific founder and 
      Nobel Laureate Dr. Craig Mello, RXi’s first RNAi product candidate, 
      RXI-109, which targets CTGF (connective tissue growth factor), is 
      scheduled to commence human clinical trials for scar prevention in 2012. 
      For more information, please visit www.rxipharma.com.
    

About RXI-109


      RXi Pharmaceuticals has initiated development of clinical candidate 
      RXI-109, a self-delivering RNAi compound (sd-rxRNA) for the reduction of 
      dermal scarring in planned surgeries. RXI-109 is designed to reduce the 
      expression of CTGF, a critical regulator of several biological pathways 
      involved in fibrosis, including scar formation in the skin. RXI-109 is 
      expected to enter clinical trials in 2012.
    

About Self-delivering rxRNA® (or sd-rxRNA)


      RXi’s sd-rxRNA compounds are designed for therapeutic use and have 
      drug-like properties, such as high potency, target specificity, serum 
      stability, reduced immune response activation, and efficient cellular 
      uptake. They are hybrid oligonucleotide molecules that RXi believes 
      combine the beneficial properties of both conventional RNAi and 
      antisense technologies. sd-rxRNAs have a single-stranded 
      phosphorothioate region, a short duplex region, and contain a variety of 
      nuclease-stabilizing and lipophilic chemical modifications. The 
      combination of these features has the potential to allow sd-rxRNAs to 
      achieve efficient spontaneous cellular uptake and potent, long-lasting 
      intracellular activity.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


This press release contains forward-looking statements within the 
      meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such 
      statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future 
      expectations, plan and future development of RXi Pharmaceuticals 
      Corporation’s products and technologies. These forward-looking 
      statements about future expectations, plans and prospects of the 
      development of RXi’s products and technologies involve significant 
      risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risk that RXi may 
      not be able to successfully develop its candidates, the risk that the 
      development of our RNAi-based therapeutics may be delayed or may not 
      proceed as planned and we may not be able to complete development of any 
      RNAi-based product, the risk that the development process for our 
      product candidates may be delayed, risks related to development and 
      commercialization of products by our competitors, risks related to our 
      ability to control the timing and terms of collaborations with third 
      parties and the possibility that other companies or organizations may 
      assert patent rights that prevent us from developing our products. Actual 
      results may differ materially from those contemplated by these 
      forward-looking statements. RXi does not undertake to update any 
      of these forward-looking statements to reflect a change in its views or 
      events or circumstances that occur after the date of this release.





Contacts

      RXi Pharmaceuticals CorporationTamara McGrillen, 508-929-3646tmcgrillen@rxipharma.com


















Contacts

      RXi Pharmaceuticals CorporationTamara McGrillen, 508-929-3646tmcgrillen@rxipharma.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















Geert Cauwenbergh - Barrier Therapeutics Inc - The Wall Street Transcript
















































 






































Healthcare >> CEO Interviews >> October 14, 2002 Geert Cauwenbergh – Barrier Therapeutics Inc
GEERT CAUWENBERGH is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and founder
of Barrier Therapeutics. Prior to founding Barrier, Dr. Cauwenbergh was
Vice President of Technology of the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) Consumer and
Personal Care Products Companies. In this capacity, he created
technology platforms based on intellectual property and know-how owned
by Johnson & Johnson, and developed a business proposition around these
platforms as the basis for new companies or new businesses within J&J.
The creation of Barrier Therapeutics as a separate company devoted to
the clinical development and commercialization of dermatological
products in-licensed from J&J affiliates is a direct consequence of his
efforts in this area. Previously, Dr. Cauwenbergh served as Vice
President of Research & Development of the J&J Consumer Companies
Worldwide, managing a global organization of over 100 people, with an
annual budget of $35 million, and he also was a member of the J&J
Business Development Council. In 1994, Dr. Cauwenbergh became Vice
President of Product Development and a member of the Management Board of
the US J&J Consumer Company. He also was the Director of the Corporate
Skin Care Council of J&J, coordinating the skin care activities in the
different operating groups of the corporation. Earlier in his career, he
held positions in sales, and national and international marketing, and
he was responsible for the successful global introduction of Nizoral'
(ketoconazole). Dr. Cauwenbergh joined the R&D organization of the
Janssen Research Foundation in 1982, where he held positions of
increasing global responsibility and oversaw development of drugs such
as Sporanox', Nizoral' Shampoo, Terazol', and topical Sufrexa'. His R&D
activities have also involved him in the fields of psoriasis, acne,
wound healing, atopic dermatitis, protozoal infections, and HIV. Dr.
Cauwenbergh has authored over 100 publications and co-authored several
books. He received his PhD.in Medical Sciences from the Catholic
University of Leuven, Faculty of Medicine, where he also completed his
Master's and undergraduate work. Profile
ANNE M. VANLENT joined Barrier Therapeutics, Inc. as Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2002, concurrent with the
closing of the initial $46 million financing. Ms. VanLent brings to
Barrier 20 years of senior management experience with both public and
private emerging growth companies in healthcare and technology. Prior to
joining Barrier, she was Executive Vice President, Portfolio Management,
for Sarnoff Corporation where she directed Sarnoff's venture spinoff
process and was in charge of all patent and licensing activities. From
the early 1980s until joining Sarnoff in 1997, Ms VanLent held senior
management positions in or consulted for a number of emerging growth
healthcare companies. She served as Chief Financial Officer for The
Liposome Company, Inc. (now part of Elan Pharmaceuticals) from 1985
until 1992, where she was involved with the its initial public offering
as well as several other public and private financings. She also served
as EVP and CFO for an early stage neuroscience company, Trophix
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which was purchased by Allelix, and consulted
with several other private companies. Ms. VanLent is a member of the
Board of Directors of Penwest Pharmaceuticals and i-STAT Corporation.
She holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Mount Holyoke College in
Physics and did graduate work in Biophysics. Profile


TWST: Could you give us a brief overview of Barrier Therapeutics'expertise?Dr. Cauwenbergh: Barrier Therapeutics is a specialty pharma company witha focus on prescription dermatological
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google























Geert Cauwenbergh | RXi Pharmaceuticals | Email CEO @rxipharma.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    RXi Pharmaceuticals





rxipharma.com





257 Simarano Drive                 
                 
Marlborough, MA 01752
Phone: 508-767-3861
Fax: 508-767-3862










 





                        Ticker: RXII 








Type:

                    Public                
Employees:

20 - 49

Revenue: 

< 500k

Industry:  
                    Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs                
SIC Code:  
                     2834  - Pharmaceutical Preparations
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
AudioVideo
CMS
eCommerce
OS
Other
Site Performance










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






YouTube
YouTube is a video-sharing website, created by three former PayPal employees in February 2005 and owned by Google since late 2006, on which users can upload, view and share videos. 






WordPress
WordPress - popular blogging platform



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            April 19, 2017 - New Hire
 NameTitleGerrit  DispersynChief Development Officer
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Geert Cauwenbergh                                    

Title: President/CEO








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Robert Bitterman                                    

Title: Chairman








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Gerrit Dispersyn                                    

Title: Chief Development Officer







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Tamara Mcgrillen                                    

Title: Director of Operations, Investor and Public Relations








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                4                                

                                    of 16 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS

















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
RXi Pharmaceuticals, is in the Biotech/drugs industry. Their main office can be found in Marlborough, MA, and they can be contacted through RXi Pharmaceuticals email using the domain @rxipharma.com format, some important contact information like linkedin data, phone numbers, contacts for cfos, etc of which can be found on their Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@rxipharma.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Geert Cauwenbergh
Geert Cauwenbergh is the current President/CEO. You can find Geert Cauwenbergh's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on RXi Pharmaceuticals's Lead411 profile, as well as RXi Pharmaceuticals email addresses with the @rxipharma.com domain format. Geert Cauwenbergh's email may or may not be inside the profile.  RXi Pharmaceuticals is situated in Marlborough, MA. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Biotech/drugs.  Some possible email formats for Geert Cauwenbergh are GCauwenbergh@rxipharma.com, Geert.Cauwenbergh@rxipharma.com, Geert@rxipharma.com, and Geert_Cauwenbergh@rxipharma.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@rxipharma.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Want to know how to get in touch with them? Lead411 has the email addresses of Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s top officials for the company domain @cubist.com format.  Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a Biotech/drugs company centred in Lexington, MA and our profiles could include more contact information like cfo people, linkedin contacts, phone numbers and facebook pages.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@cubist.com addresses.
Curis, Inc
This includes Curis, Inc email format addresses with the @curis.com domain, contacts, phone numbers, linkedin info, cfo employees, and facebook profiles. Curis, Inc is a Biotech/drugs business with its headquarters based in Lexington, MA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@curis.com addresses.
ArQule, Inc.
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of ArQule, Inc.'s CEO . The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and ArQule, Inc. email addresses with the domain format of @arqule.com. ArQule, Inc., is in the Biotech/drugs field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@arqule.com addresses.




Company Directory > RXi Pharmaceuticals




















   Geert Cauwenbergh | RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation | ZoomInfo.comRXi Pharmaceuticals' (RXII) CEO Geert Cauwenbergh on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»RXi Pharmaceuticals' (RXII) CEO Geert Cauwenbergh on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.11.17 | About: RXI Pharmaceuticals (RXII) RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (NASDAQ:RXII)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 11, 2017 04:30 PM ET
Executives
Tamara McGrillen - IR
Geert Cauwenbergh - President and CEO
Caitlin Kontulis - Principal Accounting Officer
Pamela Pavco - Chief Development Officer
Alexey Eliseev - Chief Business Officer
Gerrit Dispersyn - Chief Development Officer
Analysts
Keith Markey - Griffin Securities
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to today's webcast entitled RXi Pharmaceuticals’ First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Earnings Call. Today’s call is being recorded.
At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the floor over to your host to Tamara McGrillen, Head of Investor Relations for RXi. Ma’am, the floor is yours.
Tamara McGrillen
Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and thank you for participating on our call today. We are joined by our President and CEO, Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh; our Chief Development Officer, Dr. Pamela Pavco; our Chief Business Officer, Dr. Alexey Eliseev and our newly appointed Chief Development Officer, Dr. Gerrit Dispersyn; and our Principal Accounting Officer, Ms. Caitlin Kontulis.
I would like to remind listeners that this call will contain certain statements concerning RXi’s future expectations, plans, and processes which constitute forward-looking statements for the purposes of the Safe Harbor provisions under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements and as a result of various important factors including those discussed in our most recent Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. 
In addition, any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of the date of this recording and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. We specifically disclaim any obligations to update such statements.
Now I would like to turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dr. Cauwenbergh.
Geert Cauwenbergh
Thank you, Tammie and good afternoon everybody. Like in many past quarters we have again been able to manage our spending in line with our forecast. With our current cash we have a financial runway until the second quarter of 2018. We have recently published our proxy for the annual general meeting which will happen on Tuesday, June 6 in New York and you are all invited. 
You would have noticed that we included in the proxy a proposal to allow our Board of Directors to decide on a reverse split if that would be deemed necessary for the optimal positioning of our company in the public markets. It should be very clear, that it is the intention of the Board and the management of the company to avoid this eventuality and that we feel that the data generation that lies ahead of us in the remainder of this year is expected to allow us to see -- expected to allow us to see a share price appreciation that should avoid such a reverse split. 
Ms. Caitlin Kontulis will provide more color and background explaining what the NASDAQ rules are and she will provide guidance as to what the sequence of events is that determines the timing of a decision of such an action. 
From a corporate development point of view, during the first quarter of 2017, we completed the MirImmune acquisition and have been able to integrate most of their immuno-oncology and cell therapy activities in our R&D planning and timing. Dr. Alexey Eliseev, our Chief Business Officer will provide more color as it relates to our plans for data generation as well as collaborations and partnerships. He will talk about pre-clinical data in support of our immune-oncology, activities including the preparation of our first clinical testing likely to occur as part of the cell therapy protocol in the course of 2018. 

In the past few years, under the leadership of Dr. Pam Pavco; our Chief Development Officer, we have initiated clinical developments for RXI-109 for treatment of hypertrophic scars, where we are in Phase 2, as well as for the management of retinal scarring in patients with wet AMD where we are in Phase 1/2. 
In addition after the acquisition of Samcyprone, Dr. Pavco also supervised the continued development of this new topical immunotherapy, a program where we are now also in Phase 2 for treatment of cutaneous warts. She has also been guiding our clinical team in the start-up of our human testing of our consumer health compound RXI-231 and sd-rxRNA that is capable of blocking tyrosinase, an enzyme that is key in eumelanogenesis, which stands for pigmentation. 
From a news flow point of view, it is important to note that the ongoing clinical studies will all have their complete read outs before the end of 2017. Dr. Pavco will provide her final update later on this call. She is retiring as of May ’19 and considering knowledge and network in the oligonucleotide world it has been important for us to be able to retain her as a member of our Scientific Advisory Board where she will also join two other new SAB members, whom we added in Q1 of this year; Professor Jim Griffin, Head of Clinical Oncology at Dana-Farber in Boston and Professor Rolf Kiessling, Head of Clinical Oncology at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden. We are grateful and thrilled that she has accepted this invitation and that we will be able to benefit from her guidance, knowledge and network. 
Also today Dr. Pavco will introduced Dr. Gerrit Dispersyn, the executive who is succeeding her as Chief Development Officer. Gerrit has worked with Pam Pavco in the past several weeks to guarantee a smooth transaction of responsibilities. Dr. Dispersyn has strong skills regarding drug development activities with small molecules, as well as with cell therapeutic approaches and comes with a wealth of regulatory experience as well as a very strong professional network. Gerrit will provide you with what he sees as the main priorities for him to announce what we are currently doing with our technology platform.
And with this I would like to turn the call over Ms. Caitlin Kontulis for the financial update.
Caitlin Kontulis
Thank you, Geert. Good afternoon everyone. Today the company filed its Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2017 with the SEC. The form includes detailed information on the company’s financial performance for the three months ended March 31, 2017. During our call today, I’ll focus on selected financial highlights. 
Research and Development expenses for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were $1.3 million compared with $1.3 million for the same period of the prior year. Overall Research and Development expenses were consistent, quarter-over-quarter they did see a slight increase due to the commencement of the company's immunotherapy program with the acquisition of MirImmune. This increase was offset by a decrease in our stock-based compensation expense.
Acquired in-process Research and Development expense was $3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017. There was no such expense in the first quarter of 2016. This expense was due to the company’s acquisition of MirImmune, a privately held biotechnology company that was engaged in the development of cancer immunotherapies. In January 2017, the company acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of MirImmune in exchange for shares of company’s common stock and Series C preferred stock. The fair value of this consideration given during the quarter totaled $3 million, and was expensed as in-process Research and Development.
General and administrative expenses for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were $1.1 million compared with $1 million for the same period of the prior year. The increase in general and administrative expenses was due to an increase in employee headcount, with the hire of the company’s Chief Business Officer in connection with the MirImmune acquisition and an increase in legal fees. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense.

Net loss for the three month ended March 31, 2017 was $5.5 million, compared with $2.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2016. The increase in net loss was primarily driven by the onetime charge of $3 million of acquired in-process research and development expense as previously discussed.
At March 31, 2017, the company had cash of $10.2 million, compared with $12.9 million at December 31, 2016. The company believes that its existing cash should be sufficient to fund operations for at least the next twelve months. 
As Gerrit mentioned earlier the company has included a proposal in our most recently filed proxy statement for the company shareholders to vote on a potential reverse stock split. This is in relation to the company’s recent notice of non-compliance from NASDAQ as our share price is currently trading below $1.
We discussed in our last conference call that the company has until August 1, to regain compliance with NASDAQ's listing requirements. If at that time, the company has not regained compliance we plan to file for an additional 180 day extension period. One of the requirements to receive this extension period is that the company must provide written notice to NASDAQ that it intends to regain compliance with the $1 bid price during this second extension period by effecting a reverse stock split if necessary. 
Our goal and our intension is not to have to complete a reverse split, and with the number of data points anticipated for the second half of this year, it is our belief that a reserve split may not be necessary. However taking into consideration the volatility of our share price, the NASDAQ requirement to receive an additional 180 day extension and the added cost to hold a special shareholder meeting at a later date, the company has taken the necessary and preventative steps to put the reverse split to a vote at our upcoming shareholder meeting. 
Should the company's Board of Directors need to considering approving a reverse stock split at a later date they will weigh all possibilities, including evaluating all of our listing options and private equity. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming shareholder meeting in New York on June 6. 
With that I will turn the call over to Pam. 
Pamela Pavco
Thank you Caitlin and good afternoon everyone. In the next few minutes, I will give you a brief update on the status of our ongoing development program. First I'll begin with the status of our dermal anti-scarring clinical study RXI-109-1402. As you know we expanded this study to include a longer dosing regimen, six months rather than three months so that we could better cover the period of time that scar formation generally occurs in people prone to hypotrophic scarring. 
I'm happy to report that all subject participation in this study is now complete, and we are in process of verifying all data to clean and lock the database. This time consuming process is ongoing and all clinical sites are in the process of being close as data verification is complete. 
In line with our corporate goals we are on track to correlate and present the full dataset from this study in the second half of the year. This complete evaluation is expected to include demographics and safety summaries as well as conclusions based on scar evaluation from the principal investigators and a comparison across cohorts as to which dosing regimen provided the best scar outcome. 
RXI-109 also continues to be evaluated in the eye in the Phase 1/2 clinical study, RXI-109-1501. We are close to closing enrollment in this study pending the last potential subject screening results. To-date, the third and highest dose level has been well tolerated in two subjects with no drug related issues occurring in any subject in the trial. We are on track to complete enrollment in the first half of the year, as stated in our corporate goal and will complete subject participation seven months later based on the last subject's entry date. 

Of note, last week we presented an overview of this trial and the data leading up to it in an International Ophthalmology Conference ARVO, which stands for Association for Research and Vision in Ophthalmology. A copy of this poster can be found on our website. 
In the consumer health area we are nearing the initiation of our first consumer studies with our anti-tyrosinase compound, which is intended to be used for skin hyper pigmentation disorder. The compound for this study RXI-231 has been manufactured and released. RXI-231 is in the process of being formulated in a gel formulation that will be used in the consumer studies. This gel formulation facilitates the sd-rxRNA compound penetration through the Stratum corneum, the outer most layer of your skin to the epidermal dermal junction where the target, the melanin producing cells reside. 
An overview of the work supporting the upcoming consumer health studies and data showing compound update ex-VIVO in pig skin was recently presented at the meeting of the Society of Investigative Dermatology or SID.
An update on our other potential consumer health product, which targets collagenase was also presented at SID. Data presented in this poster demonstrated that the elevation of collagenase mRNA following UV radiation was statistically reduced by RXI-185 treatment in culture itself and this is a proof-of-concept of the potential to use this compound to reduce the effects of photo-aging. 
In addition, the reduction of the targeted messenger RNA after ex-VIVO application of RXI-185 to human skin and explants [ph]. Both posters presented at SID are available on our website.
Lastly a brief update on the Samcyprone study to treat cutaneous warts, RXI-SCP-1502. Since the last call we have initiated a second cohort with a more subject friendly protocol. Based on the preliminary results from the first cohort, we reduced the sensitization dose and shortened the timing of it. The earlier results from the first cohort showed that greater than 90% of the subjects were becoming sensitized, something that is a prerequisite to have a clearance response. We felt that the exploration of a lower dose would be better for the subject in order to avoid over sensitization. Enrollment is ongoing in this second cohort. 
Finally, I am very pleased to hand this call, as well as my current role over to Dr. Gerrit Dispersyn. Gerrit provides a wealth of experience to RXi. He's an accomplished leader in clinical product and business development. He most recently served as the Vice President, Global Head of Clinical Affairs at Integra LifeSciences Corporation, where he was responsible for Integra’s global strategy and execution of clinical development, clinical operations and medical affairs programs. 
His background includes research and business activities related to human cellular and tissue based products, an experience that will be beneficial for RXi’s newly added focus on immune-oncology and cell therapy. Prior to Integra Gerrit worked along Geert at Barrier Therapeutics, where he was Vice President, Product Development and Portfolio Management, where he focused on the development and commercialization of dermatology products and met all aspects of R&D operations and strategy, scientific and competitive and business intelligence and alliance management. 
Dr. Dispersyn holds a PHD in medical science from the Faculty of Medicine, in Maastricht University, in the Netherlands, a post-graduate degree in Biomedical Imaging, and a Master of Science in Biochemistry, from the University of Antwerp in Belgium. Although I am retired, I look forward to continuing to work with Gerrit and the whole RXi team as a member of RXi scientific advisory board. Gerrit is joining a positive enthusiastic and committed group of colleagues and we welcome him on board. Gerrit?

Gerrit Dispersyn 
Good afternoon everyone. I would like to start off my comments by thanking Pam for a very pleasant and effective transition since I joined the company few weeks ago. I have been impressed with the accomplishments of the R&D team of RXi under Pam’s leadership and I look forward to building on this solid foundation. 
In the next half of this year, my focus will be mainly on two fronts. First, hitting the clinical study milestones that Geert and Pam mentioned. And second, defining the clinical development pathway for the use of our sd-rxRNA technology in cell-based cancer immune-oncology. 
With regards to the clinical study milestone, as Pam mentioned earlier this will include full study readouts in our dermatology franchise, which studies 1402 and 1502, completing patient enrollment in follow-up in our dermatology study, study 1501 and initiation and early data assessment of human testing with our cosmetic product RXI-231.
On the cell-based immune-oncology side, we aim to further expand our in-vitro and in-vivo proof-of-concept data. Our targets include generating data further solidifying the concept that sd-rxRNA technology is highly suited to overcome several issues seen with different kinds of cell based immuno-oncology treatments. 
Data being generated in different cell types as well as with different [indiscernible] and targets will be used to decide on the target clinical indication that we will pursue. This data will also help us in selecting the right extra muel [ph] collaborations for the execution of our clinical program, slated to start in the 2018 timeframe. 
In addition to these two R&D focus areas, we will also work with our Chief Business Officer, Dr. Alexey Eliseev to identify potential opportunities for sd-rxRNA in cell therapy outside of immune-oncology as this may provide us with potential interesting business development opportunities. 
And now, I’d like to turn the call over to Alexey, who will provide you with more details on our immune-oncology programs. 
Alexey Eliseev
Thank you, Gerrit and hello everyone. I will briefly highlight our recent developments in the area of immune-oncology in which we are using our SD RXRNA technology platform to create more effective cell based cancer therapeutics. As we discussed in our previous call, RXi is conducting pre-clinical studies in several areas where we believe our technology has a competitive advantage and can significantly improve over the existing and development of cell therapies. 
One of these areas is the modification of CAR-T cells to enable them to work in solid tumors. Last month, we participated in the annual meeting of American Association for Cancer Research. We presented there the detail of our study with negative integrity in CAR-T cells that we have been able to improve by silencing [ph] PD-1 with our sd-rxRNA compound. Meanwhile, we have advanced this program in our labs by identifying more potent PD-1 targeting sd-rxRNAs through chemical modifications of the existing compounds. 
One of these improved compounds will likely be designated as a clinical development candidate for our future studies. We have also scaled up compounds targeting several other new immune checkpoints. In the next few months, they will be tested with different types of CAR-T targeting solid tumors in animal models. 
Another area of interest for us is the improvement of safety and efficacy of hematopatics stem cell transplants, which are currently standard-of-care for many hematological cancers. We have identified a number of targets that can be modulated by our sd-rxRNA compounds in the transplanted cells. We are currently in the process of screening and identifying compounds for these targets. This is in early stage but potentially high impact program. 

The third area is the use of sd-rxRNA to mitigate the cytokine release syndrome or CRS. A common and sometimes fatal side effect that hampers the development of CAR-T therapies for hematological malignancies. We have generated a number of sd-rxRNA candidates for a target relevant to CRS management and are selecting a least candidates for future studies. 
In addition to our internal work, we are actively exploring collaborations with leading academic groups and industrial partners who develop novel cell-based immuno-oncology treatments. 
I will now turn the call back to Geert. 
Geert Cauwenbergh
Thank you Alexey. In recent months, I've been asked multiple times by retail shareholders why I'm not buying stock at times when our share prices are under pressure. I want to make a few things clear. Number one, all RXi employees, and that includes me, are restricted from buying or selling RXII securities, when the company is in a blackout period. These periods are implemented preceding the release of company's quarterly financials or when the company is in position of privileged information. 
Number two, my past buying pattern should make it quite clear that I am a strong supporter of our company and a strong believer in the potential benefit our technology platform can bring to medicine and unique in nature with our self-delivering RNAi technology and puts it in an unique advantageous position when compared to our peers. 
Number three, it is my intention to continue to buy as long as people push the share price down. Those responsible for the selling pressure do so and not based on knowledge and understanding of the scientific and medical potential that our self-delivering RNAi platform that can bring but on a desire of short term gain and greed. 
Number four, I firmly believe that at a certain value, avenues can and will open up that may eliminate some speculative aspects that surround our company shares today. 
With that, I will now turn the call back to Tammy.
Tamara McGrillen
Thank you Geert. This now concludes the formal presentation of our call. Operator, at this time we would like to poll for questions please. 
Question-and-Answer Session 
Operator
Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Keith Markey with Griffin Securities. 
Keith Markey 
Hi, thank you for taking my call. I'd like to start out by wishing Pam the best of luck with your retirement and your new position on the SAB. You'll be missed. And then I'd like to ask a couple of questions, one I was wondering if you've given much thought or would consider to use your siRNA for immunotherapies as a potential add on to dendritic cell vaccines?
Alexey Eliseev
Yes, Keith, thank you for question. It's actually a great question, because we studied sd-rxRNA in applications to multiple types of cells. So far they worked in most of them. Dendritic cells is one area that we are actively considering, but we have not done any significant steps towards that end yet. The short answer is yes, it's in our radar, but not in any currently active program. 
Keith Markey 
Okay, thank you. And then I was wondering if you might, when you might be able to elaborate a little bit about the actual targets of your siRNA aside from the ones that are obvious already that you've made public. 
Alexey Eliseev
So the targets that have been disclosed so far are PD-1, CTLA-4, [indiscernible], the usual suspects in the checkpoint world. We also have a number of targets that are listed in our patent applications. Those are I believe about 20 potential checkpoint targets. But some of the targets we are working on have not been protected by IP yet so we're not disclosing them. But they include the commonly studied in actively pursued checkpoint targets. 

Keith Markey 
Great, and then in terms of developing your checkpoint inhibitors, are you testing them in conjunction with any other companies, or are you creating CAR-T cells yourself for instance or other types of immune cells that you working with. 
Alexey Eliseev
So far we have worked with CROs and academia on CAR-T cells. So there are -- there is one CRO that's making publicly unknown CAR-T cells for us that we are using to target solid tumors. Those are mega cartillan [ph]. We also collaborated with academia and one of the centers we worked with is Karolinska University, with Professor Kiessling who is in our SAB. We are in active discussions with some bigger players in the cell therapy area. But it's probably too early to mention any names. 
Keith Markey 
Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Justin Foster, private investor. 
Unidentified Analyst
Hi good afternoon. Geert, I want to thank you for the 17,000 shares that you bought a few months ago. But I want to talk to you a little bit about your thinking on reverse split. One of the things that was just not mentioned in terms of trying to meet the NASDAQ guideline of a $1 and just chasing that and you've chased it through an 80% drop in the stock price from the time you decided on the last reverse split. And it's already down 25% from the time you just mentioned it this time you're contemplating a reverse split. 
You haven't talked about what would you do if you decided not to chase that $1 but instead accept listing on a different exchange and this is why I don't understand, that the OTC QB and OTC QX are viable exchanges today with transparency. Companies on that stock exchange do raise money, and if any of the people who've invested money with you have a problem with you getting off the NASDAQ then just explain to them how things have changed and give them a choice, do they want to see another 85% decline in their stock that they're going buy or do they want to understand why you're saying we don't need to reverse split because there is no target dollar that we need to reach, that would make your company a whole lot more healthy. Thanks for listening to that. Can I have you thoughts?
Geert Cauwenbergh
Absolutely Justin. First of all I certainly understand what you're saying, absolutely. Remember, we were on the QB and on the QC and we have had, and we still have a terrific relationship with the management of the OTC markets. It's certainly not that we don't like them. We definitely do like them. At a certain point when you are trying to grow, you need to get to also substantial investments from the usual type of larger fund investors. We have been primarily retail based company in terms of our shareholders. And I am tremendously grateful for those who have been hanging in, those who have become the shareholders, those have then walked away but then came back. 
It is a very difficult situation to manage but that’s what why we here for. Our board is consequently evaluating the situation. As Caitlin pointed out we have some lag time, before we have to make the decision. So the way I look at is we need to have a final decision by February 1 I think of 2018, with what we have waiting in terms of data flow, what we have waiting in terms of also the new items coming in our immune-oncology efforts. 
I do think that we stand a good chance to basically survive the onslaught of the shortest, as I call it, which is if you look at the volumes, these are not small players, these are big players that do this, basically recourse that’s how they make money. I am pretty sure we can get through it. Deal with a major player or with other players in this space would certainly be helpful. We are extremely active in doing those things. 

And as I said before, in the meantime I can only show and that is what -- and I appreciate the fact that you noticed, I can only show with the means that I have available that I am a very strong supporter of this company, that I am putting my mouth where my heart and my mind is. And then I am working with my team as hard as we can to basically roll back away [ph] from the down where we are. 
The OTCs are not excluded in our thinking, trust me, there is absolutely not excluded. NASDAQ is not excluded but if it would be necessary than fine, we will value whether a reverse split is less or more damaging than moving to the OTCs. And as Caitlin mentioned in her financial update even private equity we have had approaches from the blue or have expressed their interest. Right now we fell back. And we are expecting and hoping that the data flow will help us to bring us to where we are supposed to be in terms of value
I realize it may frustrate you as an answer, because I have not given you one specific answer, I have given you play out of spectrum of options we have and it will be up to the Board to either meet me up until me what I have to do or me to negotiate and discuss with them what we think is the best solution. But to be I have not a close mind to what you are saying, not at all. 
Unidentified Analyst
Well, thanks very much and I let you go, but let me just add, if I might very briefly and I really appreciate you having heard me out in your considered response, that you played into these hands that you are talking about, the shortest, the greed traders, when you talk about a reverse split. They just see a larger stock price that they can knock down again and that’s why you are down $0.20 from the time you guys have first mentioned the second reverse split. 
And so if you didn’t have to do that, and let’s say stock will go up as you anticipate, but if you announce, we don’t care whether we are on the NASDAQ or not then there is not going to be this downward pressure after the initial jolt. And you -- if you manage the stay and all these things come true that you said they might, than that’s wonderful. But by announcing this reverse split contemplation you are going to -- you are heading for another 80% decline, and it's already hurt and I feel bad for you, here you invested just 70,000 in the 60s and maybe the low 70s price and look what happens. But I knew that would happen but you didn’t. 
Anyway, thank you very much. I wish you the luck. As you can discern I am a long time shareholder. I believe in the company, but I think transactionally you guys have not made the wisest decisions in terms of understanding what reverse splits do and how valuable or invaluable NASDAQ is. Thanks again so much and I am going to stay with you guys. Take care. 
Geert Cauwenbergh
I appreciate it. Thank you very much. 
Unidentified Analyst
Thank you.
Operator 
Thank you. Our next question comes from Bjorn Chase [ph], private investor.
Unidentified Analyst
Thank you very much for taking my call, and I want to say that I appreciate this company, that you work very, very hard and it’s a small company and I think you have done remarkable things over the years. I have been an investor, an increasing investor, now have a significant position with this company. 
You briefly touched on your relationships with the rest of the industry, with the biotech industry. I wondered if you would care to just give us a little more color on what’s going on, on the reception you had, on the indications of interest for example in cutting a deal with you, that sort of thing. We -- it seems maybe have heard relatively little of that and I think it might be helpful to people to know what the response is from the biotech industry. 
Geert Cauwenbergh

I’ll start and I thank you very much. By the way also thank you very much for being a long-term shareholder. Those are the people that are the closest to my heart. I’ll start with a little bit of -- giving you a little bit of color and then I would invite Alexey, who has often been with me, but also on his own in contact with those people. 
In general when we announced -- before we moved into immunotherapy and immune-oncology and cell therapy, people were looking at us as an ophthalmology or dermatology company and really did not understand the value that our self-delivering technology brings. There is nothing wrong with RNAi as discovery and actually as a tool to make it work in diseases. 
The issue, the challenge in the beginning loss to try to get it into cells and once they got it into cells the issue was, well now that we get in sales because of vehicles, we tend to see some vehicle related toxicity. As recent as the last quarter of last year, we have seen a number of those vehicle compounded --compound they fail in clinical actually unfortunately one that I was hoping that Omyla [ph] would be the first with the Phase 3 because that would really validate the whole thing. 
They were failures not because of the value of the compound or the toxicity of the compound, but issues that very often came with the vehicle. We with ourselves delivering technology do not have that issue and when Alexey Eliseev and MirImmune came to us it was an eye opening experience for me that lo and behold , this is the area which where this actually the easiest to show that self-delivering, RNAIs will be idle to deliver on the promises of RNAI. 
We could -- and I am not going to dwell on it too much, because you have seen I am sure all the material that we have generated. Going to the business development activities, in the past since we announced the acquisition and since we started implementing it, we’ve had exposure to many of the big pharma companies and many of the larger biotech companies and the cell therapy and immune-oncology companies. I would say one-third looks at us like a crowd seeing the first train pass by and they have never seen it. Others immediately have taken us on their radar screen. There have been numerous discussions going on. 
The question that many people are asking is this is we comments of making is this is really interesting. Can you give us a little bit more data on things like actually one of the comments that Dr. Markey brought up, Keith Markey earlier dendritic cells, how does your technology behave with dendritic cells which are notoriously more difficult it seems to get transacted. Those are things that as Alexey mentioned, we are focusing on. The large players Dana-Farber, MD Anderson, just [indiscernible], the guys in Minnesota, they all very interested, some of them are actually already working with our compounds. 
So to me it's very simple, it's just everybody says give us a little bit more data, show and even animal studies are fine. They don’t need proof in patients, that’s at least what they are telling us. And so consequently I think it's only a matter of time and in vitro and in vivo non-human goes a little faster than human. It's only a matter of time for us to generate that data and to actually be able to nurture and come up with some great collaborations and hopefully a deal. But that still maybe too general but Alexey I am sure you have much more detail to add if you care to do so. 
Alexey Eliseev
I would just add to that briefly, that even when we were at MirImmune, the company that are RXi acquired. We did present this technology to almost every single major player in the cell therapy area and we received almost universal interest. The technology is broadly applicable including the applications to cell therapy. 

So we see lot of opportunity in making deals with other companies, and at the same time retaining lot of value within the company. For example out licensing certain type of cell therapy and keeping the others with us. But as Geert said the companies expect to see more data. This is natural. In immune-oncology deals happen at an early stage and we are hoping to be able to partner this technology already at the pre-clinical stage. 
So right now we are keeping ourselves on the radar screen of the major players in cell therapy. And we are hoping to make progress on that later this year. 
Unidentified Analyst
Well, thank you very much. I just heard things that I really hadn’t heard before and I learned things that I really didn’t know that you were doing and believe me, it makes me feel a lot better and thanks for that. 
Geert Cauwenbergh
We appreciate your loyalty. We hope you are with us for long time and we hope that in the not too long time we will be able to provide you with some substantial increase in valuation of your holdings. 
Unidentified Analyst
Thank you. 
Operator 
Thank you. There appears to be no more questions at this time. 
Tamara McGrillen
I'd like to thank everybody for participating on our call. And operator you may now close this call. 
Operator
Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Drug Manufacturers - Major, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All RXII TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Healthcare and Biotech Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Healthcare and Biotech Stocks3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 22, 2017CSLLY, INCY, MRK• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•2 CommentsUpdates To Insulet Thesis: Innovation And Growth ContinuePODD• Today, 8:26 AM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsIronwood Will Press On In The Good Fight Against GERDIRWD• Yesterday, 5:26 PM • Long Term Bio•1 CommentMannKind: Afrezza Scripts Stable At A Bit Above 300 - Will Ads Help?MNKD• Yesterday, 4:15 PM • Spencer Osborne•21 CommentsIgnyta Lights The FireRXDX• Yesterday, 3:28 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentWhy Ironwood's IW-3718 Is 'Refluxing' Into A Sea Of RedIRWD• Yesterday, 2:32 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•7 CommentsNovartis's Q2 Results: Encouraging Signals Fully Reflected In ValuationNVS• Yesterday, 2:17 PM • HealthBlogger2 Small Oncology Stocks That Could Rally Through Year-EndRXDX, TGTX• Yesterday, 1:23 PM • Bret Jensen•11 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 14: Updates And A Ninth PositionCBAY• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jonathan Faison•2 CommentsTrevena (TRVN) Investor Presentation - SlideshowTRVN• Yesterday, 1:09 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is A Defensive Stock And Should Be In All Portfolios, Income Or GrowthJNJ• Yesterday, 12:17 PM • William Stamm•13 CommentsTesaro's Stock Dip Is Nothing To Be Afraid OfTSRO• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Kevin McAdamsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Yesterday, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•8 CommentsAn Endocrinologist Explains Her View Of Tymlos And The Osteoporosis LandscapeRDUS• Yesterday, 10:20 AM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsSirukumab's Panel And U.S. Decision For Medicines CompanyMDCO, JNJ, GSK• Yesterday, 10:18 AM • EP Vantage•1 CommentAchaogen EscalatesAKAO• Yesterday, 10:03 AM • Strong Bio•4 CommentsMedtronic's Diabetes Segment Generating ExcitementMDT• Yesterday, 8:37 AM • The Non-Consensus•5 CommentsGilead Has Another Ace Up Its SleeveGILD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:22 PM • Long Term Bio•51 CommentsMedtronic: A Dividend Aristocrat With Double-Digit Payout Growth PotentialMDT• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:19 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•15 CommentsMannKind: Afrezza Television Ad Debuts; What Investors Need To KnowMNKD• Thu, Jul. 20, 5:02 PM • Spencer Osborne•97 CommentsProtalix Is Undervalued With Upcoming CatalystsPLX• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:50 PM • Jesse Donovan•47 CommentsTitan Pharmaceuticals: Just Be PatientTTNP• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:30 PM • Matthew Burdeshaw•11 CommentsQuidel To Acquire Triage Assets From Alere DivestitureQDEL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:34 PM • Donovan JonesCymaBay Therapeutics' Strong Cash Raise Points To Near-Term UpsideCBAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:56 PM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsVivus Settlement Could Clue In Orexigen InvestorsOREX, VVUS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:41 PM • Spencer OsborneIronwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) IW-3718 Phase IIb Clinical Trial Results - SlideshowIRWD• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA TranscriptsAerie Pharmaceuticals (AERI) Roclatan Mercury 1 Phase 3 12-month Topline Results - SlideshowAERI• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:56 PM • SA TranscriptsIs The FDA Biotech's Best Friend?BDSI, ENDP, FOLD• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:54 AM • Bret Jensen•24 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•40 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: July 20, 2017AMGN, RDHL, VRTX• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•5 CommentsFonar's medical diagnostic centers are delivering great returnsFONR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 AM • Blue Tower Asset Management, LLC•4 CommentsRaise After Raise: Sarepta Shares Are Still A BuySRPT• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:08 AM • Jonathan Faison•15 CommentsBecton, Dickinson In The Garden PortfolioBDX• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:03 AM • DJ Habig•9 CommentsSpark Therapeutics: Let The PDUFA Run-Up CommenceONCE• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:06 AM • Jonathan Faison•3 CommentsNovartis Will Hit $100 This YearNVS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:40 PM • Individual Trader•9 CommentsAimmune Banks On Food Allergies, Study Expected To Show Positive ResultsAIMT• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:06 PM • Emerging EquitiesJohnson & Johnson's Weakness Worries MeJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:05 PM • Josh Arnold•12 CommentsUpcoming Soliris Catalyst Offers Hope For Battered Alexion StockALXN• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:59 PM • Emerging Equities•4 CommentsGilead Sciences' Shares Just Answered The QuestionGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:34 PM • James Brumley•60 CommentsAt a 52 Week High, Can United Health Group Go Higher?UNH• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:21 PM • Jeremy LaKosh•9 CommentsInnovation Pharmaceuticals Stock May Be A Triple-Crown Winner With Brilacidin By Year EndIPIX• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:14 PM • KarinCA•58 CommentsJohnson & Johnson: This Market Will Buy AnythingJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:01 PM • Stone Fox Capital•33 CommentsAddus HomeCare: Weathering The Health Care MaelstromADUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:49 PM • Underanalyzed EquitiesAn Irrational Reaction To TherapeuticsMD's News ReleaseTXMD• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:46 PM • Zheng Feng Chee•29 CommentsVertex Eyes The Treble In Cystic FibrosisVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:27 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsFDA's Flashing Green Light Boosts Novel Drug ApprovalsGILD, PBYI, AZN• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:09 PM • EP Vantage•3 CommentsCempra: Are We There Yet?Editors' Pick • CEMP• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:57 PM • StrategyDoc•80 CommentsImmunogen Finally Moving 'FORWARD'?IMGN• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:51 PM • Strong Bio•1 CommentVertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX) Phase 1 And 2 Data For Triple Combination Regimens Demonstrate Improvements In Lung Function And Other Measures In CF PaVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:30 PM • SA TranscriptsJ&J: Some Good News, But Here's Why It's Dropped A Level Or TwoJNJ• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:56 PM • DoctoRx•51 CommentsCymaBay Phase 2 Liver Data Is A Great Buy OpportunityCBAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:53 AM • Long Term Bio•4 CommentsROTY Edition 1 Volume 13: Updates And A Regulatory Runup PlayALBO, ZGNX, STDY• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:01 AM • Jonathan Faison•4 CommentsPuma Wins FDA Approval: New Hope For HER2-Positive Breast Cancer PatientsPBYI• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:35 AM • Long Term Bio•1 CommentBeiGene: This China-Based Biotech Continues To SurpriseBGNE• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:53 AM • Jonathan Faison•5 CommentsInsmed (INSM) Investor Presentation - SlideshowINSM• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:24 AM • SA TranscriptsRisk-Adjusted Net Present Value For Arbutus BiopharmaABUS• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:45 AM • Oscar CarrascosaGilead At 30: Re-Entry TimeGILD• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:34 AM • Out of Ignorance•60 CommentsValeant Pharmaceuticals: Becoming A Better Buy?VRX• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:28 AM • Orthodox Investor•72 CommentsVertex Pharmaceuticals Looks To Push The EnvelopeVRTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:14 AM • Long Term Bio•5 CommentsCalyxt Inc.: Regulatory Hurdles Keep Us Cautious On This (Otherwise Exciting) IPOCLXT• Wed, Jul. 19, 2:29 AM • Don Dion•3 CommentsKala Pharmaceuticals Looks Promising Ahead Of IPOKALA• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:25 PM • Don Dion•6 CommentsChaos At AstraZenecaAZN• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:23 PM • Derek Lowe•12 CommentsMallinckrodt: A Crowded Short Where The Bear Thesis Is Falling ApartMNK• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:18 PM • One Other Fool•28 CommentsTake Profits On GileadGILD• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:52 PM • Giovanni DiMauro•83 CommentsHerbalife: A Viable ShortHLF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:08 PM • Brian Sanders•124 CommentsWhy Keeping Up With FDA Approvals Could Help Your Stock Portfolio - Slingshot Insights' Joe McCann's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • RDUS• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:55 PM • Slingshot Insights•2 CommentsNektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Updates On Topline Results of Oral Human Abuse Potential (NKTR-181) - SlideshowNKTR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:38 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentQuidel (QDEL) Updates On Acquisition Of Alere's Triage (ALR) Assets - SlideshowQDEL, ALR• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:26 PM • SA TranscriptsCymabay Therapeutics (CBAY) Seladelpar Phase 2 Low Dose Study In PBC - SlideshowCBAY• Tue, Jul. 18, 2:13 PM • SA TranscriptsInvestors Waiting In BioLineRxBLRX• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:58 PM • Strong Bio•5 CommentsNovartis AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNVS• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:57 PM • SA TranscriptsJohnson & Johnson Is DeliveringJNJ• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsEiger Biopharmaceuticals: Can This $10 Biotech Stock Continue To Rally?EIGR• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:30 PM • Bret Jensen•2 CommentsBiotech Forum Daily Digest: Update On Approximately $5 CytosorbentsCRSP, CTSO, EDIT• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:58 AM • Bret Jensen•5 CommentsAmgen Receives CRL For Osteoporosis Drug: What's The Next Step?AMGN• Tue, Jul. 18, 11:55 AM • Long Term Bio•9 Comments123456...467Next Page









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f2d28050-6ee4-11e7-85b0-49e8b4fe17f8
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












	RHEI Pharmaceuticals Inc Appoints Dr Geert Cauwenbergh as Chief Executive Officer













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Appoints Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh as Chief Executive Officer  











Tweet








8/26/2008 7:04:32 AM


    NEW HAVEN, Conn., Aug. 25 /PRNewswire/ -- RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. today announced the appointment of Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh as Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Cauwenbergh succeeds Joos Horsten, who recently passed away.  Dr Cauwenbergh has been assisting RHEI Pharmaceuticals since August 1, 2008 in providing the necessary leadership to continue the Company's development.    "I am honored to follow in the footsteps of Joos Horsten, a serial entrepreneur who was a key figure in the development of the Western pharmaceutical industry in China," noted Dr. Cauwenbergh. "As a result of Joos' leadership and foresight, RHEI Pharmaceuticals is uniquely positioned to accelerate the availability of already approved western medicines in the Chinese market and I am fortunate to be working with the world-class team that Joos had assembled in order to pursue its growth strategy."    The Company also announced today that it has received approval from the Chinese Health Authorities to launch its final clinical study for Asacard(R), a controlled release formulation of aspirin.  With this approval in place, RHEI Pharmaceuticals has a low-risk pipeline of novel western medicines lined up for the Chinese market, with multiple product launches expected over the next few years.    Commenting on this news, Dr. Cauwenbergh stated, "With one potential launch this year, followed by three in 2009 (including Asacard(R)) and an additional product launch planned each year thereafter until 2012, RHEI Pharmaceuticals is expected to achieve very rapid growth. It is our goal to become the partner of choice for western companies that want to tap into the fast growing Chinese Health Care market, as well as for those Chinese companies that are interested in distributing western drugs, domestically."    Prior to joining RHEI Pharmaceuticals, in February 2008, Dr. Cauwenbergh founded Phases123 LLC, a company focused on identifying high potential health care technology platforms and emerging health care companies. In 2001, Dr. Cauwenbergh founded Barrier Therapeutics, Inc., a company developing novel patented therapeutic agents for treatment of skin diseases. Under his leadership, Barrier Therapeutics went public and raised a total of $250 million in capital, evolving from an R&D organization into a commercial company with expected revenues of $46 to $50 million in 2008, prior to its recent acquisition by Stiefel Laboratories.    Before Barrier Therapeutics, Dr. Cauwenbergh served in numerous positions with Johnson & Johnson (in both the U.S. and Europe), most recently as Vice President of Technology of the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) Consumer and Personal Care Products Companies, and before that, as Vice President of Research & Development of the J&J Consumer Companies Worldwide. Dr. Cauwenbergh was also previously with the R&D organization of the Janssen Research Foundation in Belgium.    Dr. Cauwenbergh currently serves as a Board member of DARA Biosciences, Upstream Biosciences as well as Ablynx NV, and is a member of the Board of Trustees, and Vice Chairman of Bio New Jersey.  Since 2004, Dr. Cauwenbergh has served as Official Trade Advisor for Health Care in North America to the Belgian Government. From 2004 to 2006, he served as a member on the Board of Trustees of the New Jersey Center of Life Sciences and from 2003 to 2005, Dr. Cauwenbergh was a member of the Board of Intercept Inc.    Dr. Cauwenbergh has authored over 100 publications and co-authored several books. He received his Ph.D. in Medical Sciences from the Catholic University of Leuven, Faculty of Medicine, where he also completed his Masters and undergraduate work. In 2004 Dr. Cauwenbergh was inducted in the New Jersey High Tech Hall of Fame.    About Asacard(R)    Asacard(R), which RHEI Pharmaceuticals has licensed from Flamel Technologies , is a controlled release formulation of aspirin for prophylactic cardiovascular indications. Using Flamel's Micropump(R) technology platform, Asacard(R) is designed to provide effective and safe therapy for cardiovascular treatment. Its safety and efficacy for this indication comes from controlling the release of aspirin while providing cardiovascular benefits similar to conventional aspirin formulations. Asacard(R) is differentiated from conventional aspirin in that it reduces gastrointestinal side effects. Further, it is the only aspirin formulation that significantly controls the rate of release of aspirin in the systemic circulation system, thus avoiding Cox 1 inhibition, the major cause of gastrointestinal problems. Additionally, its microparticle coating protects the stomach and intestinal lining from direct contact with the aspirin. Asacard(R) is currently approved for marketing in 11 countries including France and the United Kingdom.    According to the World Health Organization, cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of mortality in Southeast Asia.  In China alone, more than a quarter (27.4%) of all deaths are due to cardiovascular disease and there are currently more than 120 million adults with hypertension in China.    About RHEI Pharmaceuticals    RHEI Pharmaceuticals is a venture backed specialty pharmaceutical company with operations in Belgium, the U.S. and in China that acquires, licenses, develops and commercializes in China proprietary drug therapies based upon the unmet needs of the emerging China pharmaceuticals market. The Company leverages its proprietary and extensive network of experienced clinical development and regulatory professionals in China to expedite approvals for pharmaceuticals new to the China market. RHEI's growing sales and marketing capabilities then provide broad patient access in China to these new and critically necessary therapeutics. RHEI applies its unique offering to branded pharmaceuticals, through its Ethical Division, and to consumer healthcare and OTC/natural supplement products through its Pharmacy Division.CONTACT:  Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, Chief Executive Officer of RHEIPharmaceuticals, Inc., +1-609-897-1219; or Eric Goldman (media),+1-917-322-2563, or Rhonda Chiger (investors), +1-917-322-2569, both of RxCommunications Group, for RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Web site:  http://www.rheipharma.com/ 






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Licenses Attental From MethaPharma for Distribution Throughout Asia  Biovail Corporation (BVF) Names Peggy Mulligan CFO  Access Pharmaceuticals (ACCP) Outlicenses China Rights for Mucositis Product to RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Peplin Inc. Announces New CEO  Access Pharmaceuticals (ACCP) Licenses MuGard(TM) to RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Znomics, Inc. Appoints Mark. A. Philip, Ph.D., as New President and Chief Executive Officer  RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Appoints Timothy M. Kish President And CFO  AEterna Zentaris (AEZS) Announces Appointment of Prof. Jurgen Engel, Ph.D. as New President and CEO  A.P. Pharma, Inc. (APPA) Licenses APF530 To RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. For Development In Greater China  Steve Lombardi Named CEO of Helicos BioSciences Corporation (HLCS)  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























Interview With Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, President And CEO Of RXi Pharmaceuticals - RXI Pharmaceuticals Corporation (NASDAQ:RXII) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Interview With Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, President And CEO Of RXi PharmaceuticalsJun. 2.14 | About: RXI Pharmaceuticals (RXII) Arrow Loop Research Long/short equity, value, growth at reasonable priceMarketplaceArrow Loop Research's Trading IdeasSummaryRXi is an emerging micro cap listed on the Nasdaq CM.It has a significant opportunity to market self-delivering RNAi compounds, which could fill a largely unmet medical need in wound healing.We reached out to Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, president and chief executive officer of RXi, for further insight on this opportunity.Today, we are considering an emerging micro cap called RXi Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:RXII). This company operates within the biopharmaceutical industry, has roughly a $39 million market cap, and is listed on the Nasdaq CM. In order to gain more insight on this opportunity, we conducted an email interview with Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, president and CEO of RXi.
In layman's terms, what is RXi all about?
RXi is all about using a biological mechanism (RNAi) that exists in the human cells to selectively reduce the levels of bad or excessively expressed proteins to fight diseases, while only minimally affecting other biological systems in the body.
RNAi is a naturally occurring phenomenon by which short double-stranded RNAs interfere with the expression of targeted genes. The development of therapeutics based on RNAi technology takes advantage of this phenomenon, and potentially allows us to reduce the expression of particular genes within living cells. The discovery of RNAi is regarded as a significant advancement in the scientific community, as evidenced by the selection of RNAi as the "Breakthrough of the Year" in 2002 by the journal Science and by the 2006 Nobel Prize in Medicine being awarded to the co-discoverers of RNAi, including Dr. Craig Mello. RNAi offers a novel approach to the drug development process because RNAi compounds can potentially be designed to target any one of the thousands of human genes, many of which are undruggable by other modalities.
RXi is focused on developing innovative therapies based on our proprietary, self-delivering RNAi (sd-rxRNA) platform. Therapeutics that use RNA interference, or "RNAi", have great promise because of their ability to down-regulate the expression of specific genes that may be overexpressed in disease conditions. RXi's sd-rxRNA oligonucleotides are designed for therapeutic use and have drug-like properties, such as high potency, target specificity, serum stability, reduced immune response activation, and efficient cellular uptake. This allows sd-rxRNAs to achieve efficient cellular uptake and potent, long-lasting intracellular activity.

Could you provide a brief technical explanation?
RXi Pharmaceuticals has developed a proprietary RNAi platform of "self-delivering" RNAi compounds termed sd-rxRNA. These compounds are efficiently taken up by cells without the need for a delivery vehicle, and represent an advancement in the RNAi therapeutics field for local applications. RXi's sd-rxRNA oligonucleotides are designed for therapeutic use, and have drug-like properties, such as high potency, target specificity, serum stability, reduced immune response activation, and efficient cellular uptake. These hybrid oligonucleotides combine the beneficial properties of conventional RNAi and antisense technologies. Taken together, the design, modification pattern and shorter duplex region allows sd-rxRNAs to achieve efficient cellular uptake and potent, long-lasting intracellular activity.
RXI-109 is an sd-rxRNA that targets the mRNA of connective tissue growth factor (CTGF), a gene known to modulate fibrosis and scar formation. RXI-109 is initially being developed to reduce or inhibit scar formation in the skin following surgery. RXi Pharmaceuticals believes that reducing the level of CTGF early in the wound healing process will result in a reduced level of scarring. RXI-109 may have broad applicability for prevention of scarring or fibrosis in other tissues and indications, including the eye.
At this point, do you have any idea of how effective RXI-109 is for anti-scarring?
The first clinical trials with RXI-109 (RXI-109-1201 and RXI-109-1202) showed excellent safety and tolerability, with ascending single and multiple doses, as well as dose-dependent reduction of the CTGF protein and the mRNA that controls production of this protein. Thus, we were able to detect the expected RNAi effect in our first clinical trials.
Two Phase II clinical trials are currently underway to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of RXI-109 on the outcome of scar revision surgeries performed on hypertrophic scars on the lower abdomen (RXI-109-1301) or elective surgical excision of two similarly-sized and placed keloids (RXI-109-1401). In these studies, the subjects are predisposed to scarring, either hypertrophic scars or keloids, and a difference in RXI-109 vs. placebo-treated areas will be evaluated. Preliminary results will be compiled and reported before the end of 2014 for initial patients reaching 3 months post treatment.

What are the main challenges that the industry in which you operate faces today?
From an operational perspective, biotech is an industry that absorbs a lot of money in order to arrive at meaningful innovation for the health and wellbeing of people. The chronic need for cash, combined with the short-term orientation of many investors today creates a difficult environment to be long-term focused for small companies.
In terms of the use of RNA technology, many of the early challenges in the industry have been at least partially met. The addition of nucleotide modifications have improved compound stability, reduced inflammatory response, and helped to improve specificity. The main challenge remaining is delivery, not just into the cells (which the sd-rxRNAs achieve) but to the site of action in the body. At RXI, we are focusing on local applications to avoid the issue of systemic delivery. In addition to dermal applications, RXi has initiated an ophthalmology program, in which local delivery to the retina is possible via intraocular administration. Other RNAi companies are developing a variety of delivery options, including lipid nanoparticles, as a way to support systemic delivery to the liver. Numerous programs are in place, in which the oligonucleotide/lipid nanoparticle is taken up by the liver and reduction of their specific target can be evaluated in vivo. Many of these have shown the desired effect in human clinical studies. Delivery to organs other than the liver is the next challenge to be met.
In what ways do you feel the current stock price does not value Rxi's strengths or weaknesses?
With one of the most exciting technology platforms in the siRNA space, RXi Pharmaceuticals is by far the smallest company among the publicly traded RNAi companies. Its fully diluted market cap is 2 to 5 times lower than that of other companies in this space, some of which don't even have a product in clinical development.
Could you please go over your patent portfolio?
RXi was recently granted a patent from the USPTO (patent # 8,664,189), covering CTFG-targeting sd-rxRNAs for the treatment of fibrotic disorders. In addition, RXi has received a Notice of Allowance for a key patent titled "Reduced Size Self-Delivering RNAi Compounds", which broadly covers both the composition and methods of use of RXi's self-delivering platform technology. This key patent broadly covers RXi's technology platform. This platform differentiates us from the competition, providing us with a powerful advantage to deliver our RNAi compounds without complicated formulations which are commonly used with the other siRNA compounds in clinical development.

RXi's intellectual property estate includes patents and patent applications related to chemistries, sequences, configurations, compounds, delivery technologies, and therapeutic targets. This IP has been developed by RXi, as well as in-licensed or acquired from third-parties. We believe these patents and patent applications define broad coverage for the development and commercialization of advanced RNAi therapeutics. In particular, they relate to novel and proprietary structural and chemical modification patterns used to introduce "drug-like" properties to rxRNA® compounds. Fundamental IP related to development of RXi's rxRNA compounds covers distinct structures with duplex length shorter than 15 bases, or longer than 25 bases in the con- text of advanced and diverse chemical modification patterns. These patents also cover RNAi compounds against targets that are believed to play an important role in fibrosis, as well as diseases of the eye, cancer, and inflammatory diseases.
In 2013, RXi further strengthened its patent portfolio with the acquisition of the OPKO RNAi intellectual property estate. The OPKO RNAi estate includes 12 patent families, and provides broad patent filings for siRNA compounds which target genes involved in angiogenesis, cancer, immune disorders, and inflammatory diseases. Methods for siRNA delivery across the blood-brain and blood-retina barrier are also disclosed for therapeutic and diagnostic use.
Who are the emerging competitors in the RNAi industry?
While some large pharmaceutical companies have reduced their programs in RNAi, it still remains a large component of the oligonucleotide therapies being pursued. Many companies, including smaller biotechs like RXi, are focused on developing RNAi-based therapeutics. Some of the main RNAi companies actively working on the use of RNAi through systemic delivery are Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Tekmira Pharmaceuticals, Arrowhead Research, PhaseRx, Arcturus Therapeutics, and Silence Therapeutics. In addition to RXi, RNAi companies focused primarily on a local delivery approach include Quark Pharmaceuticals, AuraSense Therapeutics, and Sylentis. The local delivery approach includes ophthalmology applications.

There are numerous companies working in the wound healing or dermal scarring area, but few are utilizing an oligonucleotide approach. Of active programs using oligonucleotides, at least two companies are targeting CTGF, RXi with RXI-109 and Pfizer with an antisense oligonucleotide. As noted here, RXi is currently conducting its Phase II trials, while Pfizer has completed several Phase II trials, with positive results showing reduced scar formation. Additional wound healing targets are being pursued by other companies using oligonucleotides; an example is Coda Therapeutics, which is in Phase II with an antisense that targets connexin43 for improved wound healing.
What differentiates your therapies from others on the market, as well as those currently in development?
There are currently no FDA-approved therapeutics that are intended to reduce the formation of dermal scars. If approved, RXI-109 would fill a very large unmet medical need, especially for those people prone to poor scarring. This type of therapeutic could ultimately have great benefit for trauma, surgical, or burn patients (especially relating to raised or hypertrophic scarring or contracture scarring), surgical revision of existing unsatisfactory scars, and in the treatment, removal, and inhibition of keloids (scars which extend beyond the original skin injury). In the US, there are approximately 177,000 scar revision surgeries conducted each year, and over 42M surgical procedures.
Our most direct competitor is Pfizer, with the CTGF-targeting antisense oligonucleotide, for which positive Phase II results have been obtained in the reduction of scarring following surgery. RXi is currently conducting a Phase IIa trial which could demonstrate that RXI-109 is effective in reducing the recurrence of keloids after keloidectomy (keloid excision). Keloids are benign skin growths which are essentially scars that continue to grow past the original boundaries of the injury. People with certain skin types, including those of African, Hispanic, and Asian descent, may be more prone to keloids. While a cosmetic concern, keloids can also be very uncomfortable (itching, pain, tenderness) and can result in tightened skin areas that affect movement and function. As such, there is a large unmet medical need for a drug to reduce growth or recurrence of keloids.

In your opinion, are there risks in your current business that are under-appreciated by investors?
Likely not. Indeed, some 10 years ago, as a result of many failures, the RNAi approach was all but abandoned by larger companies. It is only in the past few years that gradually people have started to realize that, with novel technologies, the issues of naked siRNAs and the delivery of those compounds can actually be resolved. There is still a lot of hesitation out there; hence the wild fluctuations in share prices for the companies involved in RNAi. I think it can only get better (slowly) from here.
What part of the business do you think is being ignored that has more upside potential than Wall Street is giving it?
Once people will understand that our sd-rxRNA platform is applicable to many body systems and diseases, Wall Street will see the upside potential. We will need to provide good proof of clinical efficacy with one of our early clinical candidates to start that recognition process.
Do you have any plans to increase awareness of the stock?
The best promotion of our stock will be delivering meaningful clinical data. In the meantime, we do talk regularly about our self-delivering platform and how it can become transformational once we have been able to link the clear effects on biomarkers (lowered mRNA for the target proteins and lower protein contents in the treated tissues) to the clinical benefits. Data will be the best promotion.
Is RXi actively considering partnership opportunities for RXI-109?
RXi's therapeutic platform is broadly applicable to the discovery and development of products in multiple therapeutic areas. Our current partnering strategy for the dermal scarring program is focused on funding its development until the completion of clinical proof-of-concept studies. However, we remain interested in establishing early-stage platform partnerships and collaborations - including research, discovery, and development collaborations in the therapeutic areas of dermatology, fibrosis, and ophthalmology, as well as in specific diseases and targets of interest to our potential partners.

RXi also has opportunities in the establishment of platform development collaborations with potential pharmaceutical partners to further improve and develop our RNAi therapeutic platform. As our preclinical and clinical pipeline continues to mature, we will establish specific product-focused alliances, enabling us to further advance our pipeline. RXi continuously engages pharmaceutical companies interested in RXi's dermal and ophthalmology programs to provide updates on our progress in these areas.
Why would someone purchase your product or service? What specific needs does it address?
It addresses medical needs that today cannot sufficiently be addressed by other products. In the specific case of hypertrophic scars and keloids, no FDA-approved therapeutic agents exist. Physicians often use drugs off-label (corticosteroids, cytostatics, radiotherapy etc.).
What is it about your management team that makes them uniquely capable of executing on this business plan?
Highly capable, hardworking, very knowledgeable in our space, nimble, and focused on getting the work done without spending hours in meeting rooms. Also, everybody in management actually does several aspects of the drug development process very much hands-on themselves.
What are the probable exit scenarios?
Partnering; acquiring or being acquired; gradually building a complete organization, including commercial activities.
At this point, what is management's pipeline priority?
First, our RXI-109 for dermal scarring, and second, building up our ophthalmology franchise.
What potential value-driving catalysts can investors generally expect in both the short and long term?
Clinical data with RXI-109 in scarring; exciting results in ophthalmology; deals (in and out); and earlier-stage interesting pharmacology data against other protein targets.
What is the adequacy of RXi's funding relative to its goals?
At this point, our goals are aligned with our funding. Obviously, we want to grow and do more. To achieve that, we will need to selectively look for targeted financing.

What's your current financial position?
On May 15, 2014, RXI had $13.2 million and no debt. Cash burn is about $2.5 million per quarter, and we have cash for another 5 quarters. We also have access to an equity line for another $18 million.
With the company currently advancing its clinical program, do you have an idea of what the associated costs will be?
We are currently only advancing one clinical program (i.e. skin scarring, specifically for hypertrophic scars and for keloids). We have generally a good idea of what the costs associated with that development will be.
Are you encouraged by institutional ownership? Do you think RXi is gaining traction among retail investors?
We are gradually building institutional ownership. Our move to Nasdaq has certainly been helpful in that regard. It appears that RXi seems to be a fairly popular company with the retail and day trading community. We cherish both the institutional side and the retail side very much.
Is there anything else you would like our readers to know about RXi?
RXi is potentially one of the few biotech companies that will have a material impact on the treatment approach for several diseases, based on its unique, self-delivering RNAi technology platform.
Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandTagged: Healthcare, Drug Manufacturers - Major, InterviewsWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Arrow Loop Research and get email alerts









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #f38cf6b0-6ee4-11e7-a87f-4d986c8619b6
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












Geert Cauwenbergh Ph.D., Dr., Med.Sc.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 9:52 AM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Geert   Cauwenbergh Ph.D., Dr., Med.Sc.President, CEO, Acting CFO & Director, RXi Pharmaceuticals CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 15 different industries.See Board Relationships63$638,549As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, Ph.D., Dr., Med.Sc., has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation since April 27, 2012 and serves as its Acting Chief Financial Officer. Dr. Cauwenbergh serves as Scientific Advisor of Skin Care, Dermatology, Wound Care, OTC, Infectious Diseases, Women’s Health at Q BioMed Inc. Dr. Cauwenbergh serves as Senior Advisor of Wombat Capital. Dr. Cauwenberghhas been the Head of International Advisory Board at ... Skinvisible Inc. since November 2008. He has been the Official Trade Advisor to the Belgian Government for Health Care in the USA since 2004. He served as Business Advisor of Edge Therapeutics, Inc., since June 2010. He has more than 20 years experience in international research, clinical drug development and new product commercialization for both specialty pharmaceuticals and anti-infectives at both pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including Johnson & Johnson (J&J) and the Janssen Research Foundation in Belgium. Dr. Cauwenbergh served as the Chief Executive Officer of RHEI Pharmaceuticals Inc., from August 1, 2008 to June 2011 and also served as its Chairman. He served as Managing Director of the Center for Medical Innovation, a government subsidized center for translational medicine for the Belgian Region of Flanders. Prior to joining RHEI Pharmaceuticals in February 2008, he was a founder and Chief Executive Officer of Phases123, LLC. He founded Barrier Therapeutics Inc. in September 2001 and served as its Executive Chairman from September 2001 to June 2006, Chief Executive Officer from September 2001 to March 31, 2008 and also served as its President. He founded Aramis LLC in May 2009. Prior to founding Barrier, Dr. Cauwenbergh held a number of ascending senior management positions at Johnson & Johnson, where he was employed for 23 years. He served at Johnson & Johnson (in both the U.S. and Europe) Consumer and Personal Care Products Companies from 2000 to 2002, where he served as Vice President of Technology, where he created technology platforms based on intellectual property and know-how owned by it and developed a business proposition around these platforms as the basis for new companies or new businesses within or outside it. From 1994 to 2000, Dr. Cauwenbergh served as Global Vice President of Research & Development at Johnson & Johnson Consumer Companies Worldwide. He served as Vice President, Research and Development for Johnson & Johnson's Skin Research Center and was responsible for the worldwide research and development of all skin care products for the Johnson & Johnson consumer companies. Dr. Cauwenbergh served as Vice President, Product Development and a Member of the Management Board of U.S. J&J Consumer Company since 1994. In his career, he served positions in sales and national and international marketing and he was responsible for the successful global introduction of Nizoral (ketoconazole). His R&D activities had also involved him in the fields of psoriasis, acne, wound healing, atopic dermatitis, protozoal infections and HIV. He served as an Executive Chairman at ECI Biotech. He serves as the Chairman of Expressive Constructs, Inc. He served as the Chairman of BioNJ Inc. Dr. Cauwenbergh served as the Chairman of Bio New Jersey from 2009 to 2010. He has been a Director of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation since April 2012. Dr. Cauwenbergh serves as a Member of the Board of Trustees at Bio New Jersey. He has been a Director of Cutanea Life Sciences Inc. since July 9, 2010. He has been a Director of Moberg Pharma AB (publ) (alternate name: Moberg Derma AB) since April 23, 2012. He serves as a Director of RHEI. He served as an Independent Director of Ablynx NV until April 25, 2013. He served as a Member of the Board of Intercept Inc. (US), from 2003 to 2005. He served as a Director of RealSource Residential, Inc. (Upstream Biosciences, Inc.) from March 25, 2008 to December 14, 2009. He served as a Director of Euroscreen S.A since July 2008. He served as an Independent Non Executive Director at Phosphagenics Limited since February 28, 2014 until May 2017. He served as a Director of Midatech Pharma US Inc. (DARA BioSciences, Inc.) from June 14, 2008 to April 4, 2009. He served as a Member of the Business Development Council at J&J. Dr. Cauwenbergh served in the R&D organization of the Janssen Research Foundation since 1982, where he served in positions of increasing global responsibility as an International Director of Clinical R&D, Dermatology and Infectious Diseases and oversaw development of drugs such as Sporanox, Nizoral Shampoo, Terazol and topical Sufrexa. He served as the Director of Corporate Skin Care Council of J&J, co-ordinating all skin care activities in the different operating groups of Corporation. From 2004 to 2006, he served as a Member on the Board of Trustees of the New Jersey Center of Life Sciences. He has authored over 100 publications and co-authored several books. In 2004, he was inducted into the New Jersey High Tech Hall of Fame. Dr. Cauwenbergh received his PhD in Medical Sciences from the Catholic University of Leuven, Faculty of Medicine, Belgium where he also completed his Masters and undergraduate work. He holds Bachelor's Degree and Master's Degree from Katholieke Universiteit Leuven. He is Fluent in English, French, German and Dutch.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
257 Simarano DriveMarlborough, Massachusetts 01752United StatesPhone: 508-767-3861Fax: 508-767-3862
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanExpressive Constructs, Inc.Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerRHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.2008-PresentDirectorOgeda SA2010-PresentDirectorCutanea Life Sciences, Inc.2012-PresentDirectorMoberg Pharma AB (publ)2012-PresentPresident, CEO, Acting CFO & DirectorRXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation
Education
Bachelor's Degree Katholieke Universiteit LeuvenMaster's Degree Katholieke Universiteit LeuvenPhD Catholic University of Leuven, Faculty of MedicineBachelor's Degree Catholic University of Leuven, Faculty of MedicineMaster's Degree Catholic University of Leuven, Faculty of Medicine
Other Affiliations
BioNJ Inc.Ogeda SABarrier Therapeutics, Inc.Skinvisible, Inc.Ablynx NVKatholieke Universiteit LeuvenPhosphagenics LimitedMidatech Pharma US Inc.Expressive Constructs, Inc.RealSource Residential, Inc.Cutanea Life Sciences, Inc.RHEI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Moberg Pharma AB (publ)Edge Therapeutics, Inc.Catholic University of Leuven, Faculty of MedicineQ BioMed Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$413,723Total Annual Compensation$413,723
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$624Exercisable Options$138,820Unexercisable Options$28,269Total Number of Options$167,089
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$611,947Total Short Term Compensation$413,723Other Long Term Compensation$624Total Calculated Compensation$638,549




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














cauwenbergh geert - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Geert at Amazon.com - Buy Geert at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Geert at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100
















RXi Pharmaceuticals




executive at Aventis. Its CEO is Dr Geert Cauwenbergh, previously a Johnson & Johnson executive who was named CEO in May 2012. Craig Mello remains involved with RXi as Chairman of

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

RXi Pharmaceuticals Announces Investor and Analyst ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/04/29/rxi-pharmaceuticals...


WESTBOROUGH, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (OTC: RXII), a biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals to Webcast Presentation at Biotech ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/01/03/rxi-pharmaceuticals-to-webcast...


WESTBOROUGH, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (OTC: RXII), a biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals Announces Upcoming Presentations

https://www.aol.com/2013/02/19/rxi-pharmaceuticals-announces...


The Company's President and Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, will present at the ROTH 25 th Annual Conference on Tuesday, March 19, ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at the 25th Annual ROTH ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/03/12/rxi-pharmaceuticals-to-present-at...


WESTBOROUGH, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (OTC: RXII), a biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing and ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at Biotech Showcase™ 2013 ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2012/12/19/rxi-pharmaceuticals-to...


RXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at Biotech Showcase™ 2013 ... Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, ... 2013 at 9:30AM PT. Dr. Cauwenbergh will discuss the development ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals Announces Completion of Dosing in ...

https://www.aol.com/2012/09/24/rxi-pharmaceuticals-announces...


"These are exciting times for RXi Pharmaceuticals," said Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, President and CEO of the company. "These results show that sd-rxRNA, ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals Announces Completion of Enrollment in ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/01/30/rxi-pharmaceuticals-announces...


WESTBOROUGH, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (OTC: RXII), a biotechnology company focused on discovering, developing and commercializing ...


Geert De Vlieger news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/geert-de-vlieger


All the latest news on Geert De Vlieger. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Geert De Vlieger videos and more, on WOW.com


RXi Pharmaceuticals - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/RXi_Pharmaceuticals


RXi Pharmaceuticals in its first incarnation was founded in late 2006 by the Los Angeles-based drug development company CytRx ... Its CEO is Dr Geert Cauwenbergh, ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at 12th Annual Biotech ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2012/10/16/rxi-pharmaceuticals-to...


RXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at 12th Annual Biotech ... RXi Pharmaceuticals to Present at 12th Annual Biotech Symposium. ... Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, ...










Geert at Amazon.com - Buy Geert at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Geert at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100




Searches related tocauwenbergh geert



dr cauwenbergh




12Next

Related Searches



dr cauwenbergh




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














geert cauwenbergh - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Them - 1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More.



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Geert at Amazon.com - Buy Geert at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Geert at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





Searches related togeert cauwenbergh



dr cauwenbergh




Web Results

Geert Cauwenbergh | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/geert-cauwenbergh-8b78b91


View Geert Cauwenbergh’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Geert Cauwenbergh discover ...


Cauwenbergh, Geert - The Wall Street Transcript

https://www.twst.com/bio/geert-cauwenbergh


GEERT CAUWENBERGH is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and founder of Barrier Therapeutics. Prior to founding Barrier, Dr. Cauwenbergh was Vice President of ...


Geert Cauwenbergh - Barrier Therapeutics (btrx) - The Wall ...

https://www.twst.com/.../geert-cauwenbergh-barrier-therapeutics-btrx


GEERT CAUWENBERGH is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and founder of Barrier Therapeutics. Prior to founding Barrier, Dr. Cauwenbergh was Vice President of ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals' (RXII) CEO Geert Cauwenbergh on Q1 ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/4072453-rxi-pharmaceuticals-rxii...


RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (NASDAQ:RXII) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call May 11, 2017 04:30 PM ET Executives Tamara McGrillen - IR Geert Cauwenbergh - Pre


Geert Cauwenbergh Dr. Med. S - Salary.com

www1.salary.com/Geert-Cauwenbergh-Dr-Med-S-Salary-Bonus-Stock...


Salary, bonuses, stock options, stock awards and other compensation for Geert Cauwenbergh Dr. Med. S, President, Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial ...


Expert - Geert Cauwenbergh - Streetwise Reports

https://www.streetwisereports.com/pub/htdocs/expert.html?id=9090


Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh is President and CEO of RXi Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining RXi, Dr. Cauwenbergh served as chairman and CEO of Barrier Therapeutics, Inc., a ...


RXi Pharmaceuticals Appoints Industry Veteran Dr. Geert ...

www.businesswire.com/news/home/20120510005567/en/RXi...


RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation (OTCBB: RXII.OB) today announced that Geert Cauwenbergh, Dr. Med. Sc. has been appointed as the Company’s Presid


Geert Cauwenbergh Archives - DGI Wire

www.dgiwire.com/tag/geert-cauwenbergh


The lives of leaders in the life science sector are no exception to this rule. A fascinating example is the life of Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, ...


Geert Cauwenbergh | RXi Pharmaceuticals | Email, President ...

https://app.lead411.com/Geert_Cauwenbergh_56138661.html


RXi Pharmaceuticals's Chairman is where Robert Bitterman is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Geert Cauwenbergh. They are based in Marlborough ...


Geert Cauwenbergh Ph.D., Dr., Med.Sc.: Executive Profile ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=...


Dr. Geert Cauwenbergh, Ph.D., Dr., Med.Sc., has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of RXi Pharmaceuticals Corporation since April 27, 2012 and serves as ...










We Found Them - 1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More.



Ad
 ·
www.beenverified.com



1) Someone's Photo 2) Address 3) Phone & More. Find Now.





People Search



Search By Name



Search by Email




Best Background Check



Social Media



Get Contact Information





Geert at Amazon.com - Buy Geert at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Geert at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100




Searches related togeert cauwenbergh



dr cauwenbergh




12345Next






Answers







RXi Pharmaceuticals



executive at Aventis. Its CEO is Dr Geert Cauwenbergh, previously a Johnson & Johnson executive who was named CEO in May 2012. Craig Mello remains...

more






Leng Tch'e



Nicolas would switch from guitar to cover this role. Eventually the distance factor for Doliner prevented a full-time role. In early 2004 therefore the...

more






Thuis



for murder with premeditation. Hélène had a secret affair with William (who she calls Henri and is known as Rita in her mobile). They set up a plan how...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








