





Correll, Donald L. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Donald L. Correll
DONALD L. CORRELL is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United
Water Resources. He has served as President since 1991 and Chief
Executive Officer and a member of the Board of United Water Resources
since 1992. In 1994, Correll was elected to the additional post of
chairman. After joining United Water New Jersey in 1976 as assistant
treasurer, Correll advanced to positions of increasing responsibility.
When the company was restructured to form United Water Resources in
1983, he was elected treasurer of the new parent company. In 1986 he was
named Vice President-Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. And in 1988,
Correll was given the added responsibilities of senior Vice President-
Finance for United Water New Jersey. He was given responsibility for
United Water’s corporate and strategic planning in 1991. Prior to 1976,
Correll was with the public accounting firm, Price Waterhouse. He is a
graduate of Pennsylvania State University and holds a master’s degree
(MBA) in finance from the New York University Graduate School of
Business. He is a certified public accountant in the state of New York.
Correll is a director of Interchange State Bank and Interchange
Financial Services Corporation. A member of the board of directors of
the National Association of Water Companies, he also serves on the
organization’s executive committee. He is a commissioner of the New
Jersey Water Supply Authority, and a trustee of the Liberty Science
Center. Correll also serves as vice-chairman of the Greater North Jersey
chapter of the Multiple Sclerosis Society, President and trustee of
Academic Decathlon of New Jersey, Chairman and President of the Bergen
Council of Boy Scouts of America and director of United Way of Bergen
County.DEBRA G. COY is the senior environmental industry analyst for
HSBC Washington Analysis, a research subsidiary of HSBC Securities Inc.
(member, New York Stock Exchange). With more than 3,000 offices in 70
countries, and assets of $450 billion, the HSBC Group is one of the
world’s largest banking and financial services organizations. Prior to
joining HSBC in 1995, Debra was an environmental analyst for NatWest
Securities. She has covered the pollution control industries since 1985,
with a particular focus on the water sector during the past three years.
Her ‘Global Water Conference’ held in the spring is the only specialized
water industry conference on Wall Street. Based in Washington, D.C., she
is in a unique position among Wall Street analysts to understand the
impact of environmental legislation, regulation and policies on
environmental businesses in water treatment, solid waste, hazardous
waste, and air pollution control. She has appeared on Wall Street Week
and has been quoted in numerous financial and industry publications on
environmental industry and company issues. Debra received her B.A. from
Southern College in Tennessee and an M.A. in Journalism from the
University of Maryland in 1986.DAVID M. SCHANZER is Vice President ‘
Research of Janney Montgomery Scott. Previously, he was associated with
PECO Energy as Director of Investor Relations. He earned both his
Bachelor’s degree and his M.B.A. from Temple University. Mr. Schanzer is
married, has two children and includes travel, hiking and fishing among
his personal interests. He is also the Treasurer of the Philadelphia
Young Playwrights Festival.TIMOTHY M. WINTER, Associate Vice President,
joined A.G. Edwards in 1991. Mr. Winter holds a Masters’ Degree from the
University of Notre Dame, is a Chartered Financial Analyst, and is a
member of the St. Louis Society of Financial Analysts. He follows
electric and water utility stocks. He is married and has two children.
Related Interviews:Timothy M. Winter -  United Water Resources (uwr)January 11, 1999







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google
















Donald Correll  Obituary  - Hebron, Illinois - Tributes.com


















































- ADVERTISEMENT -















		Play Music
	


		Pause Music
	



A
A
A










Tweet





Help





 | 

Login

 | 

Sign Up











 Obituary Search Advanced Search


State
AL
AK
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY

















Obituary   Search

Advanced Search
Browse by Location
Browse Most Recent
Browse by Date
Find a Funeral Home




Celebrity Deaths

Celebrity Death News
Celebrity Deaths by Category
This Week in History
Year in Review





Sympathy Flowersby your Local Florist



CreateObituary


Grief RecoveryCenter



					Start a Family Tree
	                





Find aFuneral Home











Celebrity Obituaries

Review this week's trending celebrity news stories









Donald L. Correll Obituary
			











Remember
		


Donald L. Correll



                	July 23, 1945 - March  8, 2017
                	
                	
                		




                    Hebron, Illinois
                    



Set a Reminder for the Anniversaryof Donald's Passing




Forward to Family & Friends




Share a Memory




Print



Contact Support


Upgrade


Death Certificates








Click on the item you would like to print.





Obituary





Guestbook





All










Share This Obituary

















Make a Memorial Donation

		Tributes.com partners with over 100 national charities. It's easy and secure.
	
Donate











			Obituary
        


Send Condolences


Upgrade


Memory Book






Memories & Candles
Previous




				    
		                    
	                        
							
								“You will be missed dad. ( Golfer Don ) You were loved by so many people. Your laugh and smile touched many. God Bless You And Keep You. Love jim,...Read More »
		    					”
							
	    					
	    					
1 of 1 | Posted by: James correll - wis. rapids,  WI





Next




View All


Leave A Memory



Leave Audio Memory



Light A Candle












Sympathy Flowers







Donald was born on July 23, 1945 and passed away on Wednesday, March 8, 2017.
Donald was a resident of Hebron, Illinois at the time of passing.
He graduated from Loyal (WI) High School in 1964.
He was a member of the Army National Guard of Wisconsin for six years, from 1964 to 1970.











Send Condolences

Previous





Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks




Next







SEARCH OTHER SOURCES

















Create An Online Memorial For Donald L. Correll
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells Donald's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Select An Online Memorial Product:


Photo Obituary
						



Eternal Tribute
					



Military Tribute
					





View Example


View Example


View Example




View Example




$10.00
			
				
		Photo Obituary
		
Share that special photograph of your loved one with everyone. Document family connections, service information, special times and priceless moments for all to remember and cherish forever with support for unlimited copy.

Processing...

Upgrade





View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Eternal Tribute
	

Online multimedia memorial with unlimited pictures, videos, music and more
Elegant, immersive format honors your loved one
Customizable themes, backgrounds and music give it that personal touch
Interactive Guest Book lets everyone share their memories and provide support


Processing...

Upgrade





			Tributes.com online obituaries now support Integrated Fundraisers powered by:
			
			If you create a GiveForward Fundraiser with your online obituary, it will be provided at no charge (a $50 value, discounted at checkout).
		








View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Military Tribute
		
	

Enjoy all the features of the Eternal Tribute
Preserve the memory and sacrifices of a loved one’s national service
Choose from five elegant military branch themes
Highlight military service details
Unlimited photos and military record information


Processing...

Upgrade













				Memories & Candles
			






							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						
















You will be missed dad. ( Golfer Don ) You were loved by so many people. Your laugh and smile touched many. God Bless You And Keep You. Love jim, cherri, Libby, Lacey and mike.




			
				
				Posted by: James correll - wis. rapids,  WI   Apr 03, 2017
			







Send Condolences




Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks


















- ADVERTISEMENT -

















At Tributes.com we believe that Every Life has a Story  that deserves to be told and preserved.
Tributes.com is the online source for current local and national obituary news and a supportive community where friends and family can come together during times of loss and grieving to honor the memories of their loved ones with lasting personal tributes.
© 2017 Tributes, Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map




About

About Us
Media Center
Advertise with Us
Join our Media Network
Visit Legacy.com




Partners

Funeral Home Partners
Television & Radio Partners
Business Partners



Customer Service

FAQ
Contact Us
Latest Obituaries
Pet Tributes



Funeral Homes

Find a Funeral Home
Become a Partner
Partner Information
Funeral Home Central




























	Donald Correll Obituary - Hebron, IL | Northwest Herald






 





















































































Northwest Herald Obituaries
|












 POWERED BYSearch












Services






Ehorn-Adams Funeral Home




9625 Main Street


Hebron, IL  60034



(815) 648-2054


Website
View Map


Send Flowers







Celebration of Life

Sunday, Jul. 23, 2017


10:30 AM




Hebron Community Park
















Resources


More Obituaries for Correll


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?















Donald L. Correll


1945 - 2017
Obituary
Condolences

































 Donald L. CorrellDonald L. Correll passed away peacefully, surrounded by friends and family, at his home in Hebron, IL, after a short battle with cancer. He was born July 23, 1945 in Warsaw, IN to Eugene and Doris (Denney) Correll. He graduated from Loyal (WI) High School in 1964. He was a member of the Army National Guard of Wisconsin for six years, from 1964 to 1970. He was Commander of the Hebron American Legion Eugene Drill Post #606. He was an active member of Hebron United Methodist Church in Hebron. Don was employed as a semi-truck driver until an accident forced him to retire in 1984. On July 28, 2007, he was joined in marriage to Shirlee Menge. Donald is survived by his wife ,Shirlee; his father, Eugene (Donna) Correll of Florida; his children, James (Cherri), Vicki Keen, Todd, and Jeanne (Jonathan) Schaefer, all of WI; his step-children, Warren (Gretchen) Howe, Janene (Kevin) Ellis, Ellen (Anthony) Miraldi and Megan Menge; his sister, Cindy (Mark) McCann of Indiana, 20 grandchildren and six great grandchildren. He was preceded by his mother, Doris; a brother, Erv; and an infant grandson, Jamie Keen. A celebration of his life will be held on July 23, 2017 at the Hebron Community Park on Price Road after the 10:30 a.m. church service in the Park. Memorials to the family would be appreciated with charities to be determined later. For information, please call 815 678-7311 or visit www.ehornadams.com.



Published in the Northwest Herald on Mar. 29, 2017


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







"You will be missed dad. ( Golfer Don ) You were loved by so many people. Your laugh and smile touched many. God Bless..."-James correll

View Guest Book







 Add Photos
            



 Add Videos
            

















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries














































        Planning Guide
    


Free funeral planning guide compliments of Ehorn-Adams Funeral Home


Download Now















Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.



































Donald L Correll - Ulysses, KS | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Donald L Correll in Ulysses, KS


Donald L Correll

                                                                           Intelius found that Donald L Correll  is  a male between 90 and 100 years old from Ulysses, KS.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Donald L Correll is in his 90s

Donald Has Lived In

Ulysses, KS
Yorba Linda, CA

Donald's Relatives

Brandon Correll
Rosa Correll
Susan Correll
Thomas Correll







Donald L Correll



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Donald? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Donald, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Donald L Correll
Get a Criminal Check on Donald L Correll
Get a Public Record Report on Donald L Correll
Get a People Search Report on Donald L Correll


Donald L Correll's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Donald L Correll has lived as well as Donald L Correll's phone numbers and email addresses.




Donald L Correll Has Lived in 2 States
Kansas Address for Donald L Correll


501 S S***** S* 

Ulysses, KS


Has Lived In

Ulysses, KS
Yorba Linda, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Donald L Correll

(620) ***-**** - Ulysses, KS 
(316) ***-**** - Ulysses, KS 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Donald L Correll



Get Email Report




Donald L Correll's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Donald L Correll


Donald L Correll's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Donald L Correll's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Donald Correll
Username Matches

                  DonaldCorrell
                  CorrellDonald
                  Donald.Correll
                  Correll.Donald
                  Donald_Correll
                  Correll_Donald
                  Donald-Correll
                  Correll-Donald
                  DCorrell
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Correll







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


























American Water Announces Appointment of Donald L. Correll as President and CEO | Water Quality Products



































Buyer's Guide
Events
Blogs
Top Dealers
Groundwater
Water Reuse
Contaminants
Disinfection
ResourcesCase Studies
Tech Reviews
Webinars
Whitepapers

 



Newsletter
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact
 

Sign Up/Log in












 







☰
☰





                Menu
                




MagazineCurrent Issue
Archive
Newsletter
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact

Products
Storefronts
Dealers
Commercial Water
Videos
 






MagazineCurrent Issue
Archive
Newsletter
Subscribe
Advertise
Contact

Products
Storefronts
Dealers
Commercial Water
Videos
 












































Mar 22, 2006



 

American Water Announces Appointment of Donald L. Correll as President and CEO


Share: Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn 


 

 


American Water, the largest and most geographically diversified provider of water services in North America, announced the appointment of Donald L. Correll as president and CEO, effective April 17, 2006. George MacKenzie, who has served as the company's interim CEO since January 1, 2006, will continue as a non-executive member of the company's Board of Directors. 

Harry Roels, president and CEO of RWE AG, American Water's parent company, said, “Mr. Correll has served in leadership roles in the industry for more than 30 years. He has also steered several companies through transitions, growth and expansion. This experience makes him a natural choice for American Water.” 

For the past three years, Correll has served as president and CEO of Pennichuck Corp., located in Merrimack, N.H. During his tenure, the company has reported solid financial performance and growth in market value and customer service. 

Prior to that, Correll led United Water Resources of Harrington Park, N.J., as chairman, president and CEO. Under his direction, the company's market capitalization increased from $400 million to $1.8 billion, its revenue base grew from $150 million to $500 million and the employee base quadrupled. He is also credited with expanding the customer base from one million in two states to 7.5 million in 19 states. 

Correll held a variety of senior management positions with increasing responsibility over his more than 25 years with United Water Resources including senior vice president of finance, CFO and treasurer. Correll was instrumental in the formation of a holding company and its re-listing on the New York Stock Exchange and ultimately led the company through the sale process to Suez Lyonnaise des Eaux. 

Correll serves on the boards of a variety of civic, professional and business organizations, including the Environmental Financial Advisory Board of the U.S. EPA and the National Association of Water Companies. In addition, he is a member of the Board of Directors of HealthSouth Corp. and Interchange Financial Services Corp., and is a commissioner of the New Jersey Water Supply Authority. 

Correll is a graduate of The Pennsylvania State University and New York University, where he earned a BS in Accounting and an MBA in Finance, respectively. He also is a certified public accountant in New York. 

Roels noted his appreciation for George MacKenzie's contributions over the past few months. “Mr. MacKenzie has provided solid leadership for American Water, and I am very pleased that he has agreed to return to the company's Board of Directors as a non-executive member.” 




              Source: 
                    American Water        



Printer-friendly version



Post new comment


Subject: 



Comment: *


Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically.Allowed HTML tags: <a> <em> <strong> <cite> <code> <ul> <ol> <li> <dl> <dt> <dd>Lines and paragraphs break automatically.More information about formatting options

















CONTACT





 

 





 


Related

American Water Names George Mackenzie Interim CEOAmerican Water, the largest and most geographically diversified provider of water services in North...American Water Names Jeff Sterba President and CEOAmerican Water Works Co. Inc. has announced that Jeffry Sterba has been appointed president and CEO...American Water Announces Executive ChangesAmerican Water, the largest and most geographically diversified provider of water services in North... 


Current Issue








July 2017



 





 





Latest







News


Plumbing


Jul 21 2017


Haws Corp. Joins PMI as Manufacturing Member


The Board of Directors of Plumbing Manufacturers Intl. (PMI) voted to...







News


Regulations


Jul 21 2017


Guide Identifies Opportunities for Assisting Low-Income Water Customers


To assist low-income households in the U.S. with rising water and wastewater rates, seven water associations issued a guide that assesses the...







News


Distribution Systems


Jul 20 2017


Española, N.M., Improves Water Infrastructure


The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) awarded $649,000 to the city of Española, N.M., to replace aging,...



 



























Email Subscriptions








   Donald Correll | United States | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Correll Donald L - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Correll Donald L





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2017-01-03Option Award
2017-01-054:16 pm
N/AN/A
New Jersey Resources Corp
NJR
Correll Donald LDirector
2,849
$35.1
18,321(Direct)
View


2016-10-17Option Award
2016-10-191:54 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
346
$0
61,023(Direct)
View


2016-07-15Option Award
2016-07-194:27 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
329
$0
60,677(Direct)
View


2016-05-05Option Award
2016-05-092:17 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
3,559
$0
60,348(Direct)
View


2016-04-15Option Award
2016-04-194:21 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
336
$0
56,789(Direct)
View


2016-01-15Option Award
2016-01-202:40 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
360
$0
56,453(Direct)
View


2016-01-04Option Award
2016-01-055:57 pm
N/AN/A
New Jersey Resources Corp
NJR
Correll Donald LDirector
2,748
$32.75
15,068(Direct)
View


2015-10-15Option Award
2015-10-192:54 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
313
$0
56,093(Direct)
View


2015-07-15Option Award
2015-07-164:14 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
242
$0
55,780(Direct)
View


2015-05-07Option Award
2015-05-1110:23 am
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
2,859
$0
55,538(Direct)
View


2015-04-15Option Award
2015-04-172:53 pm
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
225
$0
52,679(Direct)
View


2015-02-19Option Award
2015-02-2311:57 am
N/AN/A
Healthsouth Corp
HLS
Correll Donald LDirector
557
$0
52,454(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Mon, 24 Jul 2017 06:04:18 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








   Donald Correll | | ZoomInfo.com