

	Alpha Natural Resources






























































Corporate Governance|
	                    		About Our Company|
	                    		Contact Us


 


SEARCH





























HOME





POWERING THE FUTURE



SAFETY FIRST



OUR ENVIRONMENT



JOIN OUR TEAM



RESTRUCTURING INFORMATION



INVESTORS








Overview





Our Products & Services





Locations





Clean Coal Projects





The Story of Coal





Fact Sheets













Overview





Safety Champions





Running Right Safety Process





Safety Awards





Mine Safety Technology





Safety Readiness





Safety Performance





Safety Policy













Overview





Our Commitment





Environmental Policy





Supporting R&D





Environmental Achievements





Conservation





Compliance & Oversight













Overview





Beyond the Paycheck





Recruiting Programs





Career Opportunities





What's It Like to Work at Alpha?





Total Rewards




























Management Committee 
				Bios





Board Members 
				Bios












Page Content 2






E. Linn Draper, Jr.





Profile Picture






Page Content

E. Linn Draper, Jr. (73) was appointed to our board of directors at the time of the Foundation Merger. Dr. Draper currently serves as a member of the audit committee the nominating and corporate governance committee and the safety, health, environmental and sustainability committee. Prior to the Foundation Merger, he served as a member of the board of Alpha's predecessor from its formation in November 2004. Dr. Draper joined American Electric Power, an electric utility company ("AEP"), as president in 1992 and served as the chairman, president and chief executive officer of AEP from 1993 until his retirement in April 2004. Prior to joining AEP, Dr. Draper worked for Gulf States Utilities Company from 1979 to 1992, serving as its chairman of the board of directors, and president and chief executive officer from 1987 to 1992. Dr. Draper received a Ph.D. in nuclear engineering from Cornell University, was a professor of nuclear engineering at the University of Texas at Austin, and served as chairman of the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations from 2001 to 2003. 
 

He has served as a director of Alliance Data Systems, Inc., a data management and transaction processing company since 2005 (serving as a member of the compensation committee since 2005 and as chairman of that committee since 2009). Dr. Draper has also served as the non-executive chairman of the board of directors of NorthWestern Corporation, an electric and gas utility since 2004. He previously served as a director of Temple-Inland Inc., a building products and corrugated packaging company from 2004 until February 2012, and TransCanada Corporation, a pipeline and power generation company, from 2005 until April 2013.  
 
Qualifications: Dr. Draper provides valuable insight into the Company’s customers due to his previous service as the president, chief executive officer, and/or chairman of the board of directors of several large publicly traded utility companies. He has significant M&A expertise, safety experience, expertise in the natural resources industry and regulations to which it is subject, as well as expertise in the area of energy companies generally. Dr. Draper also brings other significant expertise as a result of his extensive experience serving on public company boards. Through his senior executive experience in the energy industry and membership on energy company boards (as described above), and his nuclear science experience, he contributes to the board an understanding of, and perspective on, the risk management and safety challenges facing the broader energy industry. 









About Our Company|
    Site Map|
    Privacy Policy|
    Terms & Conditions|
    Contact Us






























Draper, E. Linn - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































E. Linn Draper
DR. E. LINN DRAPER, JR. is Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer of American Electric Power Company Inc. He is Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the American Electric Power
Service Corp., the management and technology arm of the AEP System. He
became President of AEP and the Service Corporation in March 1992,
following 13 years with Gulf States Utilities Co. in Beaumont, Texas,
where he served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. He
became Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of AEP in May
1993. Dr. Draper is President of Ohio Valley Electric Corporation and
its subsidiary, Indiana-Kentucky Electric Corporation. He joined Gulf
States Utilities in 1979 as Technical Assistant to the Chairman of the
Board, then became Vice President of Nuclear Technology in 1980 and
Senior Vice President – Engineering and Technical Services in 1981. In
1982, he was elected Senior Vice President – External Affairs, then was
elevated to Executive Vice President – External Affairs and Production
in 1985. He was named Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President later
in 1985, and became Vice Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer
in 1986. Later the same year, he became Vice Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer, and in 1987 he was elected Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer. Before joining Gulf States Utilities, Dr.
Draper served on the faculty and administration at the University of
Texas in Austin, where he had been an Associate Professor and director
of the Nuclear Engineering Program. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree
and a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Rice
University in Houston, and a Doctorate in Nuclear Science and
Engineering from Cornell University in Ithaca, NY. He is a Registered
Professional Engineer in the State of Texas. In February 1992, Dr.
Draper was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering. He
is a member of the Board of Directors of CellNet Data Systems Inc. and
Borden Chemicals and Plastics. He was elected to the Cornell University
Council Board in July 1998, appointed to the University of Chicago Board
of Governors for Argonne National Laboratory in 1999, and serves on the
University of Texas Engineering Foundation Council. He is a member of
the Boards of Directors of the Nuclear Energy Institute (past Chairman),
the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (past Chairman), the National
Coal Council (past Chairman), and the Edison Electric Institute (past
Chairman). He was appointed to the President’s Council on Sustainable
Development, which was comprised of government, business, labor and
environmental leaders that recommend a national economic strategy to
protect the environment. He has served as past Chairman for Electric
Power Research Institute and past Chairman of the Utility Nuclear Waste
Management Group, a consortium of 43 electric utilities. He is a Past
President and a former member of the Board of Directors of the American
Nuclear Society. Dr. Draper has edited books on nuclear power and the
engineering aspects of fusion reactors and has written many major
technical papers. He has been a frequent speaker on behalf of the
industry. Dr. Draper received Energy Daily’s annual Individual
Leadership Award in October 1997.
Related Interviews:E. Linn  Draper Jr. -  American Electric Power Company (aep)June 14, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google



















E. Linn Draper Jr. 1942— Biography - Early career highlights, Navigating deregulation













Home
Business Biographies
 A-E
 E. Linn Draper Jr. 1942— Biography



      E. Linn Draper Jr.
      
      1942–
    











        Former chairman, chief executive officer, and president, American
        Electric Power Company
      


      Nationality: American.
    

      Born: February 6, 1942, in Houston, Texas.
    

      Education: Rice University, BA, 1964; BS, 1965; Cornell University, PhD,
      1970.
    

      Family: Son of Ernest Linn Draper and Marcia L. Saylor; married Mary
      Deborah Doyle, 1962; children: four.
    

      Career: University of Texas, 1970–1979, faculty; Gulf States
      Utilities, 1979–1987, nuclear technician, then senior management;
      1987–1992, CEO and president; American Electric Power Company,
      1992, president and COO; 1993–2003, chairman, CEO, and president;
      2004, chairman.
    

      Awards: Individual Leadership Award, 
      
        Energy Daily
      
      , 1997; Distinguished Eagle Scout Award, Boy Scouts of America, 1998;
      Columbus Award, Greater Columbus Chamber of Commerce, 2002; Roy Family
      Award for Conservation, Harvard University John F. Kennedy School of
      Government, 2003.
    

      ■ E. Linn Draper Jr. became the president of American Electric
      Power (AEP), the electric-utility holding company headquartered in
      Columbus, Ohio, in March 1992. In April 1993 he was named chairman,
      president, and chief executive officer of AEP and all of its major
      subsidiaries, which positions he held until December 31, 2003. He
      continued to serve as chairman until his retirement in April 2004.
    

      As the head of AEP Draper led the company through the uncertainties of
      several events: the deregulation that followed the 1992 Energy Policy Act;
      the Enron collapse of 2001, which shook the entire energy industry; and
      the largest blackout in North American history, which occurred on August
      14, 2003. By 2002 AEP was America's largest electricity
      generator—with more than 22,000 U.S. employees—and a world
      energy leader with operations in Europe and 7.3 million customers
      worldwide. The company ranked thirty-fifth on 
      
        BusinessWeek
      
      's 2002 list of the 50 top-performing companies. In May 2003 
      
        Public Utilities Fortnightly
      
       recognized Draper as one of the five best power-industry CEOs "for
      his leadership in restoring the reputation of a great utility name"
      (May 14, 2003).
    

      EARLY CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
    

      Draper began his career as a faculty member at the University of Texas,
      where he taught until 1979. During his time there Draper at one point
      served as the director of the Nuclear Engineering Program. Between 1979
      and 1992 he was employed by Gulf State Utilities, continually moving into
      positions of increasing responsibility. He started out as a nuclear
      technician and by the mid-1980s held senior management positions. Between
      1987 and 1992 Draper served as the president and chief executive officer
      of Gulf States Utilities.
    

      Draper joined American Electric Power as president and chief operating
      officer in 1992. In 1993 he was appointed chairman, president, and chief
      executive officer of the company.
    

      NAVIGATING DEREGULATION
    

      By 1997 AEP served in excess of three million customers in Ohio, Virginia,
      West Virginia, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, and Tennessee. The company
      owned all or a portion of 21 major generating plants, 19 of which were
      coal-fired, one a nuclear station, and one a pumped-storage
      hydroelectricity facility.
    

      In response to external pressures Draper soon began realigning
      AEP's organization and cutting the workforce to adapt to an
      increasingly competitive marketplace. In anticipation of the onset of a
      radically different electric industry in which the generation,
      transmission, and sale of electric power could all potentially become
      separate businesses, he appointed individual presidents at the state
      levels. In preparation for the transition from public monopoly to mere
      player in the competitive marketplace, Draper determined that the
      company's core business should remain power generation. Although
      some of his decisions were viewed as aggressive and were unpopular among
      employees, Draper ensured that the financial security of the firm remained
      solid.
    

      In late 1997 AEP acquired Central & South West Corporation, the
      Dallas, Texas–based public-utility holding company.
       According to Draper, the merger created a company that was
      "diverse in its fuel, its generation, and in the workplace—a
      link between the Midwest and Southwest, reaching from Canada to
      Mexico" (Brown, December 28, 1997). Following the acquisition AEP
      concentrated on wholesale customers—companies that purchased power
      for resale to residential an >commercial customers. Draper made clear that
      AEP had no plans to expand its distribution business and had no intentions
      of competing at the retail level. The separation of generation,
      transmission, and distribution assets was a key factor in preserving
      AEP's shareholder value during this period. Draper noted in the
      Stockholder's Letter 2000 Annual Report, "AEP is a utility
      that thinks like a growth company. This growth will come from our
      strengths in power generation and related wholesale marketing and energy
      trading."
    

      INDUSTRY SHAKE-UP: THE ENRON COLLAPSE
    

      By 2001 AEP rivaled the industry leader Enron in the volume of electricity
      and natural gas traded. The subsequent collapse of Enron shook confidence
      in AEP as well, but under Draper's leadership AEP management was
      able to reassure investors that its bookkeeping was credible and its
      balance sheet sound. Industry analysts reported that AEP could sustain a
      $50 million write-off, had recorded a net income of $971 million in 2001
      on revenues of $61.2 billion, and carried debt with investment-grade
      ratings. In addition analysts predicted that with Enron out of the picture
      AEP would be able to garner a larger share of the wholesale energy market.
      As the largest producer of electricity in the United States, with a
      capacity of 38,000 megawatts, and as much more than a trading house, AEP
      was able to emerge unscathed by the exposures of accounting scandals and
      corporate malfeasance throughout the energy industry following the Enron
      meltdown.
    

      In response to economic conditions and the pressures that resulted from
      operating in a restructured, competitive marketplace, AEP began downsizing
      its trading and wholesale-marketing operations, divesting itself of
      noncore assets, and cutting dividends in order to raise capital and shore
      up its balance sheet during 2002 and 2003. Following a credit-rating
      downgrade that was based on the company's risk profile, Draper
      refocused AEP on its core utility operations and made solid progress
      toward improved performance. By mid-2003 Draper was able to claim that
      AEP's ability to weather the economic downturns of 2001 and 2002
      had been possible because the company "never left the basics. We
      stuck to our core strategy throughout the restructuring of our industry.
      We took a look at the restructured industry early on and decided where our
      expertise lay and recognized that we have been a distributor of
      electricity for many, many years" (
      
        Public Utilities Fortnightly
      
      , May 14, 2003).
    

      BLACKOUT 2003
    

      On August 14, 2003, much of New York and the northeastern United States
      and southeastern Canada experienced the most widespread blackout in
      history. Testifying before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce less
      than three weeks following the power outage, Draper stated, "From
      the outset, let me be clear, we did it right. The AEP system held
      together—a point of pride for us" (September 4, 2003). AEP
      managed to isolate itself from the cascading blackout because, according
      to Draper, "our protective systems performed automatically, our
      operators performed and communicated as they should, and our load and
      generation remained in balance" (September 4, 2003).
    

      By December 2003 many of the nation's largest electric utilities
      were experiencing major changes in leadership, and AEP would be no
      exception. Draper announced in April 2003 that he would step down as
      president and CEO at the end of the year. When asked how he would like to
      be remembered, Draper said that he hoped people would say that he left AEP
      "a strong company that was noted for providing reliable and
      affordable service to its customers. That it was an environmentally
      responsible entity, and that the employees, customers, and shareholders
      found AEP an attractive place to work, take electric service, and invest
      in" (
      
        Public Utilities Fortnightly
      
      , May 14, 2003).
    

      PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIPS AND AFFILIATIONS
    

      Draper was elected to membership in the National Academy of
      Engineering—one of the highest distinctions for a professional
      engineer—in 1992 for "significant contributions to
      nuclear-power development through research, engineering innovations, and
      overall management" (www.nae.edu Member Directory). In 1998 he was
      elected to the Cornell University Council Board and in 1999 was appointed
      to the University of Chicago Board of Governors for the Argonne National
      Laboratory. He was president of the American Nuclear Society and chairman
      of the Nuclear Energy Institute, the Institute of Nuclear Power
      Operations, the National Coal Council, and the Edison Electric
      Institute—the trade association of investor-owned electric
      utilities. He was a registered professional engineer in the state of
      Texas.
    

      From 1984 to 1985 Draper served on a U.S. Department of Energy advisory
      panel charged with the study of the management of radioactive waste. He
      was appointed to the President's Council on Sustainable
      Development, a group comprised of government, business, labor, and
      environmental leaders assembled to recommend a national economic strategy
      for the protection of the environment. He served as chairman of the
      Electric Power Research Institute and of the Utility Nuclear Waste
      Management Group, a consortium of 43 electric utilities.
    

      In 1999 Draper was elected to serve on the board of The Nature
      Conservancy, an international nonprofit organization that protected
      plants, animals, and natural communities by protecting the lands and
      waters that they need to survive. He also served on the board of the Ohio
      chapter of The Nature Conservancy.
    

      While living and working in Columbus, Draper was involved in numerous
      community-service activities and organizations, including the Columbus
      Technology Leadership Council, the Ohio Business Roundtable, the Simon
      Kenton Council of the Boy Scouts of America—as president—and
      education-related causes such as Battelle for Kids and Education 2000. He
      served on the boards of Cellnet Data Systems, Borden Chemicals and
      Plastics, Sprint Corporation, and Temple-Inland.
    




        See also
      
       entries on American Electric Power Company and Gulf States Utilities
      Company in 
      
        International Directory of Company Histories
      
      .
    



      sources for further information
    

      "American Electric Power to Divest Utility End of Business,"
      
      
        Fort Wayne (IN) News-Sentinel
      
      , October 31, 2000.
    

      American Electric Power 2003 Summary Report to Shareholders, American
      Electric Power, 1 Riverside Plaza, Columbus, OH 43215-2373, 
      
        www.aep.com
      
      . See also 
      
        http://www.world-gen.com/class2/draper.html
      
      .
    

      "The Best of the Best: Five Electric Utility Chiefs Are Showing
      True Leadership for Their Companies and for an Entire Industry," 
      
        Public Utilities Fortnightly
      
      , May 14, 2003, p.28+, Richard Stavros, executive editor.
    

      Brown, Wesley, "Diversity Seen in AEP-C&SW Utility
      Merger," 
      
        Tulsa World
      
      , December 28, 1997.
    

      "Chamber Honors Global Energy Leader Dr. E. Linn Draper
      Jr.," Greater Columbus Chamber of Commerce, February 20, 2002, 
      
        http://www.columbus-chamber.org/newsroom/newsreleases/2002/pr020220a.html
      
      .
    

      Draper, E. Linn, Jr., "Blackout 2003: How Did It Happen and
      Why?" witness testimony read before the House Committee on Energy
      and Commerce, September 4, 2003.
    

      ——, "Q&A with AEP's E. Linn Draper
      Jr.," 
      
        BusinessWeek Online
      
      , March 25, 2002, 
      
        http://www.businessweek.com/bw50/content/mar2002/a3776038.htm
      
      .
    

      Martz, Michael, "American Electric Power Prepares for Competition
      with Restructuring," 
      
        Richmond (VA) Times-Dispatch
      
      , August 14, 1995.
    

      Reddy, Sudeep, "Energy Industry Changes Prompt CEO
      Searches," 
      
        Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
      
      , December 18, 2003.
    



      —Virginia Finsterwald
    










User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
E. Linn Draper Jr. 1942— Biography forum




			Dormann, Jürgen 1940–
		

			Drosdick, John G. 1943–
		 





















Business Biographies













Home
 Business Biographies

Business Biographies


Business Biographies - A-E
Contains articles like F. Duane Ackerman 1942— Biography, Josef Ackermann 1948— Biography, Shai Agassi 1968— Biography, Umberto Agnelli 1934—2004 Biography, Ahn Cheol-soo 1962— Biography, Naoyuki Akikusa 1938— Biography, Raúl Alarcón Jr. 1956— Biography, William F. Aldinger III 1947— Biography, Vagit Y. Alekperov 1950— Biography, César Alierta Izuel 1945— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - F-L
Contains articles like Richard D. ca. Fairbank 1950— Biography, Thomas J. Falk 1958— Biography, David N. Farr 1955— Biography, Jim Farrell 1943— Biography, Franz Fehrenbach 1949— Biography, Pierre Féraud Biography, E. James Ferland 1942— Biography, Dominique Ferrero Biography, Trevor Fetter 1960— Biography, John Finnegan 1949— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - M-R
Contains articles like Ma Fucai 1943— Biography, John J. Mack 1944— Biography, Terunobu Maeda 1945— Biography, Joseph Magliochetti 1942—2003 Biography, Marjorie Magner 1949— Biography, Richard Mahoney 1934— Biography, Steven J. Malcolm 1948— Biography, Richard A. Manoogian 1936— Biography, Mohamed Hassan Marican 1952— Biography, Reuben Mark 1939— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - S-Z
Contains articles like Alfredo Sáenz 1942— Biography, Mary F. Sammons 1946— Biography, Steve Sanger 1946— Biography, Ron Sargent 1955— Biography, Arun Sarin 1954— Biography, Mikio Sasaki 1937— Biography, Paolo Scaroni 1946— Biography, George A. Schaefer Jr. 1945— Biography, Leonard D. Schaeffer 1945— Biography, Hans-Jürgen Schinzler 1940— Biography, etc… 





















A-E













Home
Business Biographies
 A-E


		       A-E
		    
F. Duane Ackerman 1942— Biography
Education: Rollins College, BS, 1964; MS, 1970; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MBA, 1978.
Josef Ackermann 1948— Biography
Family: Son of a doctor (name unknown) and Margrit (maiden name unknown); married Pirkko Anelli (a homemaker), 1977; children: one.
Shai Agassi 1968— Biography
Family: Son of Reuven Agassi (retired Israeli Defense Force colonel and telecom executive); married former general manager of QuickSoft Media (name unknown); children: two.
Umberto Agnelli 1934—2004 Biography
Family: Son of Edoardo Agnelli (chairman, Fiat) and Princess Virginia Bourbon del Monte di San Faustino; married Antonella Bechi Piaggio, 1959 (divorced); married Allegra Caracciolo, 1974; children: three (first marriage, one; second marriage, two).
Ahn Cheol-soo 1962— Biography
Education: Seoul National University, College of Medicine, BS, 1986; Seoul National University, College of Medicine, PhD, 1991; The Penn Engineering and Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, MS, Executive Master of Technology Management (EMTM), 1997; Strategy and Entrepreneurship in Information Technology (SEIT) program, Stanford University, 2000.
Naoyuki Akikusa 1938— Biography
Family: Son of a former president of Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corporation; married (wife's name unknown); children: two.
Raúl Alarcón Jr. 1956— Biography
Family: Son of Raul Alarcón Sr.; married Maria (maiden name unknown; divorced, 2004); children: two.
William F. Aldinger III 1947— Biography
Education: Baruch School, City College of New York, BA, 1969; Brooklyn Law School, JD, 1975.
Vagit Y. Alekperov 1950— Biography
Career: Kaspmorneft, 1972–1974, drill operator; West Siberian oil production, 1974–1979, team leader, deputy chief, deputy director general; Kogalymneftegaz and Basneft, 1979–1982, director general; Kogalymneftegaz Oil, 1982–1990, director general; Soviet Union, 1990–1991, deputy minister of oil and gas, acting minister of fuel and energy; Lukoil, 1991–, president.
César Alierta Izuel 1945— Biography
Career: Banco Urquijo, 1970–1985, financial analyst; Beta Capital, 1985–1996, founder and president; Tabacalera, 1996–1999, CEO; Altadis, 1999–2000, co-chairman; Telefónica, 2000–, chairman and CEO.
Herbert M. Allison Jr. 1943— Biography
Family: Son of Herbert M. Allison Sr. 
John A. Allison IV 1948— Biography
Education: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, BS, 1971; Duke University, MBA, 1974.
Dan Amos 1951— Biography
Family: Son of Paul Amos (cofounder and former chairman of the board of AFLAC) and Mary Jean Roberts; married Mary Shannon Landing (a philanthropist); children: two.
Brad Anderson 1949— Biography
Education: Waldorf College, AA, 1969; University of Denver, BA, 1971.
Richard H. Anderson 1956— Biography
Education: University of Houston, BS, 1979; South Texas College of Law, JD, 1982.
G. Allen Andreas Jr. 1943— Biography
Family: Son of Glenn Allen Andreas Sr. (bank president) and Vera Irene Yates; married Toni Kay Hibma, 1964; children: three.
Micky Arison 1949— Biography
Family: Son of Ted Arison (cofounder of Norwegian Caribbean Cruises and founder of Carnival Cruises).
C. Michael Armstrong 1938— Biography
Education: Miami University of Ohio, BS, 1961; Dartmouth Institute, Advanced Management Program, 1976.
Bernard Arnault 1949— Biography
Career: Ferret-Savinel, 1971–1983, engineer; Dior and Boussac Saint-Frères, 1984–1989, owner; Moét Hennessy Louis Vuitton, 1989–, chairman, chief executive officer.
Gerard J. Arpey 1958— Biography
Born: July 26, 1958, in New York City, New York.
Ramani Ayer 1947— Biography
Education: India Institute of Technology, BS, 1969; Drexel University, MS, 1971; PhD, 1973.
Michael J. Bailey 1948— Biography
Family: Son of Sidney William Bailey and Joyce Mary (maiden name unknown); married (wife's name unknown; separated); children: two.
Sergio Balbinot 1958— Biography
Career: Assicurazioni Generali, 1983–1989, insurance-operations department; 1989–1992, head of Swiss branch; 1992–1995, head of International Activity of Europe Assistance; 1995–1996, area manager for German-speaking countries and France; 1996–1998, assistant general manager and head of group-insurance operations; 1998–2002, deputy general manager; 2002–, co–chief executive officer.
Steve Ballmer 1956— Biography
Family: Son of Frederic Henry Ballmer (manager, Ford Motor Company) and Beatrice Dworkin; married Connie Snyder (public relations executive), 1990; children: three.
Jill Barad 1951— Biography
Family: Daughter of Lawrence Elikann (television director) and Corinne Schuman; married Thomas Kenneth Barad (film producer), 1979; children: two.
Don H. Barden 1943— Biography
Family: Son of Milton Barden (mechanic and auto laborer) and Hortense (maiden name unknown); married Bella Marshall (Barden Companies' president and COO); children: one.
Ned Barnholt 1943— Biography
Career: Hewlett-Packard, 1966–1973, research and development engineer; 1973–1980, marketing manager; 1980–1984, general manager, Microwave and Communications Group; 1984–1988, general manager, Electronic Instruments Group; 1988–1993, vice president; 1990–1999, general manager, Test and Measurement Organization; 1993–1996, senior vice president; 1996–1999, executive vice president; Agilent Technologies, 1999–, president and chief executive officer; 2002–, chairman of the board.
Colleen Barrett 1944— Biography
Career: Mathews & Branscomb law firm, 1968–1970, secretary; Southwest Airlines Company, 1978–2001, began as corporate secretary and became vice president of administration and then executive vice president of customers; 2001–, president and chief operating officer.
Craig R. Barrett 1939— Biography
Family: Married Barbara (lawyer and politician who ran for governor of Arizona in 1994); children: two.
Matthew William Barrett 1944— Biography
Family: Married Irene Korsak, c. 1967 (divorced, 1995); married Anne-Marie Sten, 1997 (separated); children (first marriage): four.
John M. Barth 1946— Biography
Career: Johnson Controls, 1969–?, industrial engineer; ?–1990, head of plastics group; 1990–1992, head of automotive business; 1992–1998, executive vice president; 1998–2002, president and COO; 2002–2004, CEO; 2004–, chairman and CEO.
Glen A. Barton 1939— Biography
Career: Caterpillar, 1961–1964, trainee; 1964–1968, 1972–1975, sales associate for Caterpillar Overseas; 1975–1977, manager for South American Sales; 1977–1983, manager of Merchandising Division, General Offices; 1983–1984, sales and product support manager in Industrial Lift Truck Division; 1984–1986, manager in Products Control; 1987–1989, vice president of Caterpillar, president of Solar Turbines; 1989–1990, executive vice president; 1990–1998, group president; 1999–2004, chairman and CEO.
Richard Barton 1967— Biography
Family: Son of Jim Barton (a retired executive at Union Carbide) and Betsy (a homemaker; maiden name unknown); married Sara (an obstetrician and gynecologist; maiden name unknown); children: three.
J. T. Battenberg III 1944— Biography
Career: General Motors, 1961–1986, assembly line, plant superintendent, comptroller, production manager, plant manager, managing director of the General Motors Continental Division in Belgium, general manager of overseas truck operations in England; 1986–1992, vice president of Buick-Oldsmobile-Cadillac Group's luxury car division; 1992–1995, vice president of Automotive Components Group Worldwide; 1995–1998, executive vice president; Delphi Corporation, 1995–1998, president; 1998–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Claude Bébéar 1935— Biography
Career: Anciennes Mutuelles, 1958–1964; 1964–1966, founder of life-insurance branch of Provinces Unies; 1975–1978, chairman; Mutuelles Unis, 1978–1985, chairman; AXA Group, 1985–2000, chairman and CEO.
Pierre-Olivier Beckers 1960— Biography
Education: I.A.G, Univerite catholique de Louvain, bachelor's degree; Harvard Business School, MBA.
Jean-Louis Beffa 1941— Biography
Family: Son of an engineer and a teacher; married; children: three.
Alain Belda 1943— Biography
Family: Married Haydee (maiden name unknown; a philanthropist); children: at least two.
Charles Bell 1960— Biography
Family: Son of a travel agent (name unknown) and Margaret (maiden name unknown); married; children: one.
Luciano Benetton 1935— Biography
Family: Son of Leone (owner of a car and bike rental business) and Rosa Carniato; married Teresa (maiden name unknown), 1961; children: five.
Robert H. Benmosche 1944— Biography
Born: May 29, 1944, in New York City, New York.
Silvio Berlusconi 1936— Biography
Family: Son of Luigi (bank clerk) and Rosella (secretary) Berlusconi; married Carla Dall'Ogglio (divorced); married Veronica Lario (actress), 1990; children: five (first marriage, two; second marriage, three).
Betsy Bernard 1955— Biography
Education: Saint Lawrence University, BA, 1977; Fairleigh Dickinson University, MBA, 1981; Stanford University, MS, 1989.
Daniel Bernard 1946— Biography
Career: Director of hypermarket chains Mammouth and Delta; Metro, 1975–1981, various positions; 1981–1992, managing director of Metro France; Carrefour, 1992–1998, CEO; 1998–, chairman and CEO.
David W. Bernauer 1944— Biography
Career: Walgreen Company, 1967–1979, pharmacist and then also store manager; 1979–1987, district manager; 1987–1990, regional vice president; 1990–1992, vice president and treasurer; 1992–1994, vice president of purchasing and merchandising; 1994–1997, vice president and chief information officer; 1997–1999, senior vice president and CIO; 1999–2002, president and COO; 2002–2003, CEO; 2003–, chairman and CEO.
Wulf H. Bernotat 1948— Biography
Career: Shell, 1976–1981, legal-department counsel; 1981–1984, Business Development Manager for Eastern Europe; 1984–1986, head of Lubricant and Fuel Trading Business for Germany; 1986–1987, strategic planning; 1987–1988, Erdgas marketing; 1988–1989, head of distribution for Aviation and Public Authorities; 1989–1992, general manager for Portugal; 1992–1995, area coordinator for Africa and coordinator of Southern Hemisphere Coal Business; 1995, board of management member; VEBA, 1996–1998, board of management member; 1998–2000, head of downstream marketing and distribution; Stinnes, 2000–2002, chairman; E.ON, 2003–, chairman and CEO.
Gordon M. Bethune 1941— Biography
Education: Abilene Christian University, BS; Harvard Business School, Advanced Management Program, 1992.
J. Robert Beyster 1925— Biography
Career: Westinghouse, early 1950s, senior scientist; Los Alamos National Scientific Laboratory, mid-1950s, research scientist; General Atomic Company, 1957–1969, chairman of the Accelerator Physics Department; Science Applications International Corporation, 1969–2004, chairman and CEO.
Jeff Bezos 1964— Biography
Family: Son of Miguel Bezos (Exxon engineer) and Jackie Gise Jorgensen; married McKenzie Tuttle (former D. E. 
Pierre Bilger 1941— Biography
Career: Compagnie Générale d'Électricité, 1982–1991; GEC Alsthom, 1991–1998, chairman; ALSTOM SA, 1998–2003, chairman and CEO.
Alwaleed Bin Talal 1957(?)— Biography
Family: Son of Prince Talal; married Princess Kholood; divorced twice; children: two (previous marriage).
Dave Bing 1943— Biography
Family: Son of a contractor; mother's occupation unknown. Twice married (divorced); children: three.
Carole Black 1945— Biography
Career: Proctor & Gamble, 1970–1983, marketing executive; DDB Needham, 1983–1986, senior vice president; Walt Disney Company, 1986–1993, held positions of vice president of worldwide marketing and senior vice president of marketing and television; NBC 4, 1994–1999, general manager; Lifetime Entertainment Services, 1999–, president and chief executive officer.
Cathleen Black 1944— Biography
Family: Daughter of James Hamilton Black (food-company executive) and Margaret Harrington; married Thomas Harvey (attorney); children: two.
Jonathan Bloomer 1954— Biography
Career: Arthur Andersen, joined company in 1974; 1991–1995, senior partner of European Insurance Practice; Prudential Public Limited Company, 1995–1999, group finance director; Prudential Public Limited Company, 1999–2000, deputy group chief executive; Prudential Public Limited Company, 2000–, group chief executive.
Alan L. Boeckmann 1948— Biography
Career: Fluor Corporation, 1974–1992, engineer; 1992–1996, various management positions including assignments in California, Texas, South Carolina, South Africa, and Venezuela; 1992–1996, president of Chemicals, Plastics and Fibers; 1996–1999, group president of Chemicals and Industrial Processes; Fluor Daniel, 1999–2001, president and chief operating officer; Fluor Corporation, 2001–2002, president and chief operating officer; 2002–, chairman of the board and chief executive officer.
Daniel Bouton 1950— Biography
Education: Earned degrees from National Institute of Political Studies and National School of Administration.
Martin Bouygues 1952— Biography
Family: Son of Francis Bouygues; married (wife's name unknown); children: none.
Jack O. Bovender Jr. 1945— Biography
Career: U.S. Navy, Naval Regional Medical Center, Portsmouth, Virginia, 1969–1975, lieutenant; Medical Center Hospital, Largo, Florida, chief executive officer; West Florida Regional Medical Center, chief executive officer; Health Corporation of America, 1975–1985, associate hospital administrator; 1985–1992, senior level positions; 1992–1994, executive vice president and chief operating officer; retired, 1994–1997; Health Corporation of America, 1997–2001, president and chief operating officer; 2001–, chief executive officer; 2002–, chairman.
Peter Brabeck-Letmathe 1944— Biography
Career: Findus, 1968–1970, ice-cream sales and delivery; Nestlé Chile, 1970–1980, sales manager and director of marketing; Nestlé Ecuador, 1981–1983, managing director; Nestlé Venezuela, 1983–1987, president and managing director; Nestlé S.A., 1987–1992, senior vice president of Culinary Products Division; 1992–1997, executive vice president of strategic business groups; 1997–, chief executive officer; 2001–, chief executive officer and vice chairman of the board of directors.
Richard Branson 1950— Biography
Family: Son of Edward (barrister) and Eva Huntley-Flindt (dancer and flight attendant) Branson; married Kristen Tomassi, 1972 (divorced 1979); married Joan Templeman, 1989; children: two.
Edward D. Breen 1956— Biography
Career: General Instruments, 1978–1988, salesman; 1988–1994, senior vice president of sales; 1994–1997, various positions as president of Broadband Networks Group, president of Eastern Operations for the Communications Division, and vice president of Terrestrial Systems; 1997–2000, chairman, president, and chief executive officer; Motorola, 2000–2001, executive vice president of Motorola, president of Broadband Communications Sector (BCS), and subsequently head of the Networks Sector (which included the Global Telecom Solutions Sector; the Commercial, Government, and Industrial Solutions Sector; and BCS); 2001, president; 2002, president and chief operating officer; Tyco International, 2002–, president and chief executive officer.
Thierry Breton 1955— Biography
Career: French school Lycee Francais in New York City, 1979–1981, teacher; Forma Systèmes, 1981–1986, chairman and CEO; French Ministry of Education and Research, 1986–1990, adviser; CGI Group, 1990–1993, CEO; Bull Group, 1993–, deputy managing director; Thomson Multimedia, 1997–2002, CEO; France Télécom, 2002–, CEO.
Ulrich Brixner 1941— Biography
Career: Sudwestdeutsche Genossenschaftliche Zentralbank, 1991–1998, member of managing board; 1998–2000, chairman; Genossenschaftliche Zentralbank, 2000–2001, chairman; Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, 2001–, chairman and CEO.
John Browne 1948— Biography
Family: Son of Edmund (British army officer) and Paula Browne (homemaker); never married; children: none.
Wayne Brunetti 1942— Biography
Education: University of Florida, BS, 1964; Harvard University, Program for Management Development, 1974.
John E. Bryson 1943— Biography
Career: Natural Resources Defense Council, 1969–1979, lawyer; California Public Utilities Commission, 1979–1983, president; Morrison and Foerster, 1983–1984; partner; Edison International, 1984–1990, senior vice president for legal and financial affairs; 1990–1999, chairman of the board and chief executive officer; 2000–, chairman of the board, chief executive officer, and president; Southern California Edison, 1990–2003, chairman of the board and chief executive officer; 2003–, chairman of the board.
Warren E. Buffett 1930— Biography
Education: Attended University of Pennsylvania; University of Nebraska, BA, 1952; Columbia University, MA, 1953.
Steven A. Burd 1949— Biography
Education: Carroll College, BS, 1971; University of Wisconsin, MA, 1973.
H. Peter Burg 1946—2004 Biography
Career: Ohio Edison, 1968–1973, financial analyst trainee, associate financial analyst, economic analyst, and director of financial studies; 1974–1985, treasurer; 1985–1989, vice president; 1989–1996, senior vice president; 1994–1995, Pennsylvania Power (Ohio Edison subsidiary), interim president; 1996–1999, Ohio Edison, president; 1997, CEO and CFO; FirstEnergy Corporation; 1999–2000, president and CEO; chairman and CEO, 2000–2004.
Antony Burgmans 1947— Biography
Education: University of Stockholm, Sweden, BA (date unknown); University of Lancaster, United Kingdom, MA (date unknown).
James Burke 1925— Biography
Education: Holy Cross College, BS, 1947; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1949.
Ursula Burns 1958— Biography
Education: Polytechnic Institute of New York, BS, 1980; Columbia University, MS, 1981.
Louis C. Camilleri 1957— Biography
Education: University of Lausanne, Switzerland, degree in economics and business administration, 1976.
Lewis B. Campbell 1946— Biography
Career: General Motors, 1968–1988, various management positions, including general manager of the Flint automobile division, Buick-Oldsmobile-Cadillac Group, and the GMC Truck Division; 1988–1992, vice president; Textron, 1992–1994, executive vice president and COO; 1994–1998, president; 1998, CEO and president; 1999–2001, chairman and CEO; 2001–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Philippe Camus 1948— Biography
Education: Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris, BA, 1970; École Normale Supérieure, BS, 1971; actuarial sciences degree, 1980.
Michael R. Cannon 1953— Biography
Education: Michigan State University, BS; Harvard Business School, Advanced Management Program.
Jim Cantalupo 1943—2004 Biography
Family: Son of James Francis Cantalupo and Eileen Patricia Goggin; married Jo Ann Lucero, 1973; children: two.
Thomas E. Capps 1935— Biography
Family: Son of Edward S. Capps Jr. 
Daniel A. Carp 1948— Biography
Education: Ohio University, BBA, 1970; Rochester Institute of Technology, MBA, 1973; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MSM, 1988.
Peter Cartwright 1930— Biography
Career: General Electric, 1960–1979, worked in nuclear plant construction, project management, and new business development; Gibbs and Hill, 1979–1984, engineering consultant; Calpine, 1984–, chairman, chief executive officer, and president.
Steve Case 1958— Biography
Family: Son of Dan (attorney) and Carol (teacher; maiden name unknown) Case; married Joanne Baker (divorced); children: three; married Jean Villanueva.
Cássio Casseb Lima 1955— Biography
Education: Escola Politécnica, Universidade de Sāo Paulo, BS, 1978.
Robert B. Catell 1937— Biography
Career: Brooklyn Union Gas, 1958–1974, junior engineer; 1974–1977, assistant vice president; 1977–1981, vice president; 1981–1984, senior vice president; 1984–1986, executive vice president; 1986–1990, chief operating officer; 1990–1991, president; 1991–1996, president and chief executive officer; 1996–1997, chairman and chief executive officer; KeySpan Energy Delivery, 1997–, chairman and chief executive officer; KeySpan Corporation, 1998–, chairman and chief executive officer.
William Cavanaugh III 1939— Biography
Career: U.S. Navy, 1961–1969, rose to the rank of lieutenant commander of the navy's nuclear program; Entergy Corporation, 1969–1986, several management capacities at subsidiaries, became chief operating officer (COO) and director, became group president of Energy Supply; 1986–1992, chairman, president and chief executive officer (CEO) of Entergy Operations; chairman, president, and CEO of System Energy Resources; Carolina Power & Light Company, 1992–1996, president and COO; 1996–2001, president and CEO; Progress Energy, 2000–2004, president, CEO, and chairman.
Charles M. Cawley 1941— Biography
Career: Maryland Bank National Association, worked primarily in consumer credit; MBNA Corporation, founded in 1982; 1984–2002, president; 2002–2003, president and chief executive officer; MBNA America Bank, ?–2003, chairman and chief executive officer.
Clarence P. Cazalot Jr. 1951— Biography
Career: Texaco, 1972–1974, geophysicist; offshore division, 1974–1976, various posts; 1976–1977, assistant district geologist; 1977–1979, district geologist; 1979–1981, assistant division geologist; 1981–1984, regional manager of exploration; 1984–1985, staff geologist for exploration and production executive committee; 1985–1987, assistant to vice chairman; frontier exploration department, 1987–1992, general manager; 1992–2000, corporate vice president; 1992, president of Latin America/West Africa Division; Texaco Exploration and Production, 1994–1997, president; Texaco International Marketing and Manufacturing, 1997–1998, president; Texaco Ltd., 1998–1999, president for international production and chairman; 1999–2000, corporate vice president and president for production operations; USX Corporation, 2000–2001, vice chairman; Marathon Oil Company (an operating unit of USX), 2000–2001, president; Marathon Oil Corporation, 2001–, president and CEO.
Nicholas D. Chabraja 1942— Biography
Career: Jenner & Block (law firm), 1968–1997; 1984–1993, partner; 1986, special counsel to United States House of Representatives; 1992, special counsel to General Dynamics; General Dynamics, 1993–1994, senior vice president and general counsel; 1994–, director; 1994–1996, executive vice president; 1997 (1 January–31 May), vice chairman of the board; 1997–, chief executive officer and chairman of the board.
John T. Chambers 1949— Biography
Family: Son of an obstetrician/gynecologist and a psychologist (names unknown); married Elaine (maiden name unknown); children: two.
J. Harold Chandler 1949— Biography
Education: Wofford College, BA, 1971; University of South Carolina Graduate School of Business Administration, MBA, 1972; Harvard Business School, Advanced Management Program, 1986.
Morris Chang 1931— Biography
Education: Massachusetts Institute of Technology, BS, 1952, MS, 1953; Stanford University, PhD, 1964.
Chen Tonghai 1948— Biography
Education: Northeastern Petroleum Institute, 1976, bachelor's degree in exploration and oil extracting engineering.
Kenneth I. Chenault 1951— Biography
Education: Bowdoin College, BA, 1973; Harvard University Law School, JD, 1976.
Fujio Cho 1937— Biography
Career: Toyota Motor Corporation, 1960–1966, apprentice and training employee; 1966–1974, Production Control Division; 1974–1984, manager in Production Control Division; 1984–1986, manager in Logistics Administration and project manager in Production Control Division; 1986–1987, manager in Administration; 1987–1988, manager of Toyota North America Project and executive vice president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing USA; 1988–1994, president of Toyota Motor Manufacturing USA; 1994–1996, managing director; 1996–1998, senior managing director; 1998–1999, executive vice president; 1999–, CEO and president.
Chung Ju-yung 1915—2001 Biography
Family: Son of Chung Bong-sik and Han Seong-sil; married Byun Joong-seok; children: nine.
Carla Cico 1961— Biography
Education: London School of Business, MBA, 1993; University of London, MSE, 1993.
Philippe Citerne 1949— Biography
Education: Ecole Centrale de Paris, undergraduate degree in economics, graduate degree in mathematics.
Jim Clark 1944— Biography
Education: University of New Orleans, MA, 1971; University of Utah, PhD, 1974.
Vance D. Coffman 1944— Biography
Education: Iowa State University, BS, 1967; Stanford University, PhD, 1973.
Douglas R. ca. Conant 1952— Biography
Career: General Mills, 1976–1989, marketing department; Kraft General Foods, 1989–1992, director of strategy; Nabisco Foods Group, 1992, vice president and general manager of Fleischmann's division; Nabisco Biscuit Co., 1992–1994, senior vice president of marketing; 1994–1995, sales and integrated logistics unit executive; Nabisco Food Company, 1995–2000, president; Campbell Soup Company, 2001—, president, chief executive officer, and director.
Phil Condit 1941— Biography
Education: University of California, Berkeley, BS, 1963; Princeton University, MS, 1965; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management, MS, 1975; Science University of Tokyo, PhD, 1997.
Terence Conran 1931— Biography
Education: Attended Central School of Arts and Crafts, 1949–1950.
John W. Conway 1945— Biography
Career: Continental Can International, served in various positions and then as president; Crown Cork & Seal (established as Crown Holdings in 2003), various management positions leading to president and COO, 1991–2001, then president, chief executive officer, and chairman, 2001–.
John R. Coomber 1949— Biography
Career: Phoenix Insurance Company, 1970–1973, actuarial trainee; Swiss Re (UK), 1973–1974, actuarial trainee; 1974–1983, reinsurance; 1983–1987, appointed actuary; 1987–1990, head of life division and general manager; 1990–1993, deputy chief executive officer; 1991, director; 1993–1995, managing director and chief executive officer; Swiss Re, 1995–2003, member, executive board; 2003–, chief executive officer.
Roger Corbett 1942— Biography
Education: University of New South Wales, BA; Stanford University, MBA.
Alston D. Correll 1941— Biography
Education: University of Georgia, BS, 1963; University of Maine, MS, 1966; University of Maine, MS, 1967.
Alfonso Cortina de Alcocer 1944— Biography
Education: Madrid University; Higher Technical School of Industrial Engineers, Madrid.
David M. Cote 1952— Biography
Family: Married twice; children: two from first marriage, one from second marriage.
Robert Crandall 1935— Biography
Education: Attended William and Mary College, 1953–1955; University of Rhode Island, BS, 1957; Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, MBA, 1960.
Mac Crawford 1949— Biography
Career: Arthur Young & Company, 1971–1981; GTI, 1981–1985, CFO; Oxylance Corporation, 1985–1986, CFO; Mulberry Street Investment Company, 1986–1990, president; Charter Medical Corporation, 1990–1992, executive vice president of hospital operations; 1992–1993, president and COO; 1993–1995, chairman, CEO, and president; Magellan Health Services, 1995–1997, chairman, CEO, and president; MedPartners, 1997–1998, president and CEO; Caremark, 1998–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Carlos Criado-Perez 1952— Biography
Career: SHV Makro, 1976–1990, international roles; 1990–1997, executive director; Wal-Mart, 1997–1999, COO of International Division; Safeway, 1999, COO; 1999–2004, CEO.
James R. Crosby 1956— Biography
Career: Scottish Amicable, 1977–1983, fund manager; 1983–1994, investment director and head of overseas equities; Halifax Building Society, 1994–1996, managing director; Halifax PLC, 1996–1998, director of financial services and insurance; HBOS PLC, 1998–, CEO.
Adam Crozier 1964— Biography
Born: January 26, 1964, in Falkirk, Isle of Bute, Scotland.
Alexander M. Cutler 1951— Biography
Career: Cutler-Hammer, 1975–1977, financial analyst; 1977–1979, business group controller; Eaton Corporation, 1979–1980, division controller; 1980–1982, assembly plant manager; 1982–1985, manager of U.S. Power Distribution Division; 1985-1986, general manager of U.S. 
Márcio A. Cypriano 1943— Biography
Career: Banco da Bahia, 1967–1973, bank clerk; Banco Bradesco, 1973–1984, branch manager; 1984–1986, department manager; 1986–1988, associate executive officer; 1988–1995, managing director; 1995–1999, executive vice president; 1999–, president.
David F. D'Alessandro 1951— Biography
Family: Son of Dominick D'Alessandro and Rosemary Pallaria; married Jeannette (maiden name unknown), 1996; children: three.
Eric Daniels 1951— Biography
Education: Cornell University, BA, 1973; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MSc, 1975.
George David 1942— Biography
Education: Harvard University, BA, 1965; University of Virginia Darden Business School, MBA, 1967.
Richard K. Davidson 1942— Biography
Family: Son of Richard Davidson (farmer) and Thelma Rees; married Trish (maiden name unknown); children: three.
Julian C. Day 1952— Biography
Education: Oxford, BA, 1974; Oxford, MA, 1979; London University, MS, 1979.
Henri de Castries 1954— Biography
Education: HEC School of Management, 1976, undergraduate business degree; law degree; École Nationale d'Administration, graduate, 1980.
Michael S. Dell 1965— Biography
Family: Son of Alexander (orthodontist) and Lorraine D. (stockbroker) Dell; married Susan Lieberman (fashion designer, boutique owner), 1989; children: four.
Guerrino de Luca 1952— Biography
Career: Olivetti, 1977–1988, research and development; manager of product development and sales for networking unit; Apple, 1988–1995, vice president of business marketing; 1995–1997, president and CEO of Claris Corporation (subsidiary of Apple); 1997, corporate executive vice president of marketing; Logitech International, 1998–, president and CEO.
Hebert Demel 1953— Biography
Career: Institute for Combustion Engines and Automotive Engineering, 1978–1984, scientific/engineering assistant; Robert Bosch, 1984–1990, senior manager of ABS/ASR applications and quality assurance; Audi, 1990–1995, senior manager, then CEO; 1994–1997, chairman of the management board; Volkswagen, 1997–2002, president of Brazilian affiliate; Magna Steyr, 2002–2003, CEO and president; Fiat, 2003–, CEO.
Roger Deromedi 1953— Biography
Education: Vanderbilt University, BA, 1975; Stanford Graduate School of Business, MBA, 1977.
Thierry Desmarest 1945— Biography
Career: Corps des mines, 1971–1975, engineer; Ministry of Industry, 1975–1978, engineer; Ministry for Economic Affairs, 1978–1980, engineer and technical adviser; Total compagnie française des pétroles (renamed Total in 1992), 1981–1983, director of Algerian operations; 1983–1988, director of Total Exploration and Production (TEP) for Latin American and West Africa; 1988–1989, manager and economic director; 1989–1995, director general of TEP and senior executive vice president; 1995–1998, president and chief executive officer; 1998–, chairman of the board and chief executive officer.
Michael Diekmann 1954— Biography
Career: Diekmann/Thieme, 1983–1988, CEO; Allianz, 1988–1989, executive assistant to the head of the Hamburg regional office; 1990, head of sales at the Hamburg Harburg office; 1991–1992, head of the Hannover office; 1993, head of customer relationship management for private customers; 1994–1995, head of sales for the North Rhine–Westphalia region; 1996–1997, director of insurance management for the Asia-Pacific region; 1998–2003, member of the Allianz management board; 2002–2003, responsible for Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas and group human resources; 2003–, chairman and CEO.
William Dillard II 1945— Biography
Education: University of Arkansas, BSBA, 1966; Harvard University, MBA, 1968.
Barry Diller 1942— Biography
Family: Son of (a store owner) and Reva Addison (a receptionist); married Diane von Furstenberg (a clothing designer), 2001.
John T. Dillon 1938— Biography
Education: University of Hartford, BA, 1965; Columbia University Graduate School of Business, MA, 1971.
Jamie Dimon 1956— Biography
Born: March 13, 1956, in New York City, New York.
Peter R. Dolan 1956— Biography
Family: Son of John Ralph Dolan and Lois Burkhart; married Katherine Helen Lange (former executive director of Saint Joseph's Hospital); children: two.
Guy Dollé 1942— Biography
Career: Irsid Steel Research Center, 1966–1980; Usinor, 1980–1984, head of plates and tubes division; 1985, chair of GTS Industries; 1986, executive vice president of Unisor Aciers; 1987–1993, vice president of industrial affairs for Solca; 1993–1995, chairman and CEO of Unimetal; 1995–1997, executive vice president of strategy, planning, and international affairs; 1997–1999, head of stainless-steel and alloys division; 1999–2001, senior executive vice president; Arcelor, 2002–, chairman and CEO.
Tim M. Donahue 1949— Biography
Career: MCI Communications Corporation, 1984–1986; McCaw Cellular Communications (now AT&T Wireless Services), 1986–1989, president of paging division; 1989–1991, president of U.S. central region; 1991–1994, president of northeast region; AT&T Wireless Services, 1994-1996, president of northeast region; Nextel Communications, 1996–1999, president and COO; 1999–, president and CEO.
David W. Dorman 1954— Biography
Career: Sprint, 1981–1990, manager; 1990–1994, president of Sprint Business; Pacific Bell, 1994–1997, president, CEO, and chairman; SBC Communications, 1997, executive vice president; PointCast, 1997–1999, president, CEO, and chairman; Concert Communications, 1999–2000, CEO; AT&T Corporation, 2000–2002, president; 2002–, chairman and CEO.
Jürgen Dormann 1940— Biography
Career: Hoechst, 1963–1964, management trainee; 1964–1973, head of fiber-sales department; 1973–1974, member of corporate staff; 1975–1979, overseer of all international personnel; 1980–1985, head of international department; 1986–1987, overseer of special-chemicals division and dyes operations and North American division; 1987–1993, CFO of information technology and head of Hoechst Celanese; 1994–1999, chairman and CEO; Aventis, 1999–2002, chairman of management board; 2002–, chairman of supervisory board; ABB, 2001–2002, chairman, 2002–2004, chairman, CEO, and president; 2004–, chairman.
E. Linn Draper Jr. 1942— Biography
Education: Rice University, BA, 1964; BS, 1965; Cornell University, PhD, 1970.
John G. Drosdick 1943— Biography
Education: Villanova University, BS, 1965; University of Massachusetts–Amherst, MS, 1968.
José Dutra 1957— Biography
Education: Universidade Federal Rural do Rio de Janeiro, BA, 1979.
Tony Earley Jr. 1949— Biography
Education: University of Notre Dame, BS, 1971; MS, 1979; JD, 1979.
Robert A. Eckert 1954— Biography
Education: University of Arizona, BS, 1976; Northwestern University, MBA, 1977.
Rolf Eckrodt 1942— Biography
Career: Daimler-Benz, 1966–1968, member of quality assurance for passenger cars; 1968–1981, manager in Passenger Car Division; 1981–1983, leader of production components for passenger cars; 1983–1986, vice president of axle production for passenger cars; Mercedes-Benz (subsidiary of Daimler-Benz), 1986–1987, executive assistant to president of Passenger Car Division; Daimler-Benz, 1987–1989, director of planning and production for passenger cars and components; Mercedes-Benz, 1990–1992, director of worldwide marketing for passenger cars; Mercedes-Benz do Brasil (subsidiary of Mercedes-Benz), 1992–1996, president; Adtranz (subsidiary of Daimler-Benz and ABB Daimler-Benz Transportation), 1996–1998, deputy chief executive officer and chairman of the board; Adtranz (to become Adtranz-DaimlerChrysler Rail Systems in 1999), 1998–2000, president and chief executive officer; Mitsubishi Motors Corporation, 2001–2002, executive vice president and chief operating officer; 2002–2004, president and chief executive officer.
Michael Eisner 1942— Biography
Family: Son of Lester Eisner and Margaret Dammann; married Jane Breckenridge; children: three.
John Elkann 1976— Biography
Family: Son of Alain Elkann (writer) and Margherita Agnelli; married Princess Lavinia de Borromeo-Arese, 2004.
Larry Ellison 1944— Biography
Education: Attended University of Illinois, 1962–1964; attended University of Chicago, 1964–1966.
Thomas J. Engibous 1953— Biography
Family: Son of James (research scientist) and Emma Buck; married Wendy (maiden name unknown); children: three.
Gregg L. Engles 1957— Biography
Career: United States Court of Appeals, 1982–1983, law clerk; 2M Companies, 1983–1984, analyst; 1985–1988, real estate investor (self-employed principal); Reddy Ice, 1988–1995, chairman and chief executive officer; Engles Capital Corporation, 1988–1992, president; Engles Management Corporation, 1993–1994, president; Suiza Puerto Rico, 1993–1995, chairman; Velda Farms, 1994–1995, chairman; Suiza Foods Corporation, 1994–2001, chairman and chief executive officer; Engles, Urso, Follmer Capital, 1994–, chairman; Dean Foods Company, 2001–2002, vice chairman and chief executive officer; 2002–, chairman and chief executive officer.
Ted English 1954— Biography
Career: Filene's Basement, 1983, buyer; T. J. 
Roger Enrico 1944— Biography
Career: General Mills, 1970–1971, marketing assistant; Frito-Lay, beginning in 1971, associate production manager; Pepsi-Cola International, vice president of southern Latin America unit; Pepsi-Cola Bottling Group, 1980–1981, senior vice president of sales and marketing; Pepsi-Cola USA, 1982–1983, executive vice president; PepsiCo Beverages & Foods, 1983–1986, president and CEO; PepsiCo Worldwide Beverages, 1987–1991, CEO; Frito-Lay and PepsiCo Foods International, 1991–1993, chairman and CEO; PepsiCo Worldwide Restaurants, 1994–1995, president and CEO; PepsiCo, 1996, CEO; 1997–2001, vice chairman and CEO; 2001–2003, chairman.
Charlie Ergen 1953— Biography
Education: University of Tennessee, BS, 1975; Babcock Graduate School of Management, Wake Forest University, MBA, 1976.
Michael L. Eskew 1949— Biography
Education: Purdue University, BS, 1972; Wharton School of Business, Advanced Management Program, 1993.
Matthew J. Espe 1959— Biography
Education: University of Idaho, bachelor's degree; Whittier College, MBA, 1984.
Robert A. Essner 1947— Biography
Education: Miami University, bachelor's degree; University of Chicago, master's degree.
John H. Eyler Jr. 1948— Biography
Education: University of Washington, BS, 1969; Harvard University School of Business, MBA, 1971.














E. Linn Draper Jr., Ph.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 7:42 PM ET
Multi-Utilities

Company Overview of Northwestern Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
E. Linn Draper Jr., Ph.D.Chairman and Non-Executive Chairman of Northwestern Energy, Northwestern CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 19 different industries.See Board Relationships75$334,400
Background

		Dr. E. Linn Draper, Jr., PhD., serves as an Executive and Nuclear Engineer in the Energy Sector. Dr. Draper has served in an Executive and Directoral capacity for a number of companies since 1980. Dr. Draper has extensive experience serving as an Advisor and as a Director, including compensation committee experience. He served as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Indiana Michigan Power Company and Public Service Company of Oklahoma. Dr. Draper ... served as the Chief Executive Officer of American Electric Power Company Inc. (AEP) from April 1993 to December 31, 2003 and as its President from March 1992 to December 31, 2003 and Chairman from April 1993 to 2004 and again from January 1, 2004 to April 2004. He joined AEP as a Director since 1992. Dr. Draper served as the President and the Chief Operating Officer of AEP Service Corp. from March 1992 to 1993 and served as its Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman since April 1993. He served as the President, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of Gulf States Utility Company from 1987 to 1992. He served as the President of AEP Generating Company. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Southwestern Electric Power Company since 2000. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Columbus Southern Power Company since 1993 and served as its President. Dr. Draper served as the President of Ohio Valley Electric Corporation from 1992 to 2004 and Indiana-Kentucky Electric Corp. from 2002 to March 4, 2004. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of TCC since 2000 and of SWEPCo since 2000. Dr. Draper served as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of APCo, I&M and OPCo since 1993. He also served as the Chief Executive Officer and Vice President of Appalachian Power Company from 1992 to 1993 and also served as its Chairman of the Board since 1993 and Director since 1992. He served as a Lead Director of Temple-Inland Inc. and its Director from May 2004 to 2012. Dr. Draper has been the Non Executive Chairman of NorthWestern Energy Corporation since November 1, 2004. He has been the Chairman and Independent Director of NorthWestern Corporation since November 1, 2004. He serves as the Chairman of Central Operating Company and Central Ohio Coal Company. Dr. Draper serves as the Chairman of the Edison Electric Institute. He served as the Chairman and Director of American Electric Power Service Corporation and AEP Texas Central Company. Dr. Draper serves as Vice Chairman of Target (TGT) and runs its Technology and Distribution services. He serves as a Lead Director of TIN Inc. He has been a Director of ANR Holdings LLC since August 2004. Dr. Draper has been a Director of BCP Management Inc. ("BCPM") since 1996. Dr. Draper has been an Independent Director of Alliance Data Systems Corporation since February 2005. He serves as a Director of the Nuclear Energy Institute, the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations and the Greater Columbus Chamber of Commerce. He also serves on the University of Texas Engineering Advisory Board. He serves as a Member of Advisory Board of Haddington Ventures L.L.C. He served as an Independent Director of Alpha Natural Resources Inc. from November 2004 to July 29, 2016 and served as its Lead Independent Director since October 2006. Dr. Draper served as a Director I&M and Ohio Power Company since 1992. Dr. Draper served as an Independent Director of Sprint Corporation since December 2003. He served as an Independent Director at Sprint Corp. FON Group since December 8, 2003. He served as a Director of TransCanada PipeLines Limited from June 15, 2005 to April 26, 2013. Dr. Draper served as a Director of CellNet Data Systems Inc. since April 1997 and Columbus Southern Power Company since 1992. He served as a Director of TransCanada Corporation from 2005 to April 26, 2013. He served as a Director at Sprint Corp. PCS Group. He served as a Director of Indiana Michigan Power Company and American Electric Power Company Inc. He served as an Independent Director of PCS Group and Borden Chemicals and Plastics Management, Inc. Dr. Draper has received a Ph.D. in Nuclear Engineering in 1970 from Cornell University. Dr. Draper holds a BA and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Rice University in 1964 and 1965 respectively. He holds two Bachelor's degrees from Rice University and a Doctorate from Cornell University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3010 West 69th StreetSioux Falls, South Dakota 57108United StatesPhone: 605-978-2900Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorTIN Inc.DirectorANR Holdings LLC1996-PresentDirector of BCPMBorden Chemicals and Plastics Limited Partnership2004-PresentChairman and Non-Executive Chairman of Northwestern EnergyNorthwestern Corporation2005-PresentIndependent DirectorAlliance Data Systems Corporation
Education
BA 1964Rice UniversityBS 1965Rice UniversityPhD 1970Cornell University
Other Affiliations
Alliance Data Systems CorporationCellNet Data Systems Inc.American Electric Power Company, Inc.Sprint Corp. FON GroupBorden Chemicals and Plastics Limited PartnershipTemple-Inland Inc.TransCanada CorporationSprint Corp. PCS GroupSprint CorporationRice UniversityHaddington Ventures, L.L.C.Cornell UniversityPublic Service Company of OklahomaOhio Power CompanyAppalachian Power CompanyAEP Texas Central CompanyColumbus Southern Power CompanyIndiana Michigan Power CompanySouthwestern Electric Power CompanyAlpha Natural Resources, Inc.American Electric Power Service CorporationBorden Chemicals and Plastics Management, Inc.AEP Generating CompanyTIN Inc.Central Ohio Coal CompanyTransCanada PipeLines LimitedANR Holdings LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$125,000Total Calculated Compensation$334,400




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationScott L. Morris Chairman, CEO & PresidentAvista Corporation$796.9KAlan R. Hodnik Chairman, President & Chief Executive OfficerALLETE, Inc.$613.6KPatricia K.  Vincent-Collawn Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentPNM Resources, Inc.$791.9KMichael J. Renna Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSouth Jersey Industries, Inc.$603.1KPierce H. Norton IIChief Executive Officer, President and Director ONE Gas, Inc.$700.0KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Northwestern Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























E. Linn Draper, Jr.










This is a beta version of NNDB







Search: 
      
All Names
Living people
Dead people
Band Names
Book Titles
Movie Titles
Full Text

      for 
      











E. Linn Draper, Jr.Born: 6-Feb-1942Birthplace: Houston, TXGender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteSexual orientation: StraightOccupation: BusinessNationality: United StatesExecutive summary: CEO, American Electric Power, 1993-2003Father: Ernest Linn DraperMother: Marcia L. SaylorWife: Mary Deborah Doyle (m. 1962, four children)    University: BA, Rice University (1964)    University: BS, Rice University (1965)    University: PhD, Cornell University (1970)    American Electric Power CEO (1993-2003)
    American Electric Power COO (1992-93)
    American Electric Power President (1992-2003)
    Ohio Valley Electric Corporation President:(1992-2004)
    Gulf States Utilities Company President and CEO (1987-92)
    Gulf States Utilities (1979-87)
    Member of the Board of Alliance Data Systems (2005-)
    Member of the Board of Alpha Natural Resources 
    Member of the Board of American Electric Power (as Chairman, 1993-2004)
    Member of the Board of Borden Chemical 
    Member of the Board of Gulf States Utilities Company (as Chairman, 1987-92)
    Member of the Board of NorthWestern Corporation 
    Member of the Board of Sprint (2003-05)
    Member of the Board of Temple-Inland (2004-)
    Member of the Board of TransCanada Corporation 
    American Nuclear Society President    Edison Electric Institute     George W. Bush for President     Institute of Nuclear Power Operations     National Academy of Engineering 1992    National Coal Council     The Nature Conservancy Board of Directors    Nuclear Energy Institute Chairman    Ohio Business Roundtable     Eagle Scout     Distinguished Eagle Scout Award 




New!
NNDB MAPPER
Create a map starting with


E. Linn Draper, Jr.


Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.

Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile

Copyright ©2014 Soylent Communications




NNDB MAPPERConspiracyE. Linn Draper, Jr.Requires Flash 7+ and Javascript.Related TopicsAmerican BusinessEngineeringHelix Fossil





















E. Linn Draper Jr.


















































































 























Topics



What's New



Hard Fork Split is Avoided! Bitcoin Price Surges




5 Companies Amazon Is Killing


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Revolving Credit
A line of credit where the customer pays a commitment fee and is then allowed to ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Women in Finance


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses

Become a Day Trader
Excel for Finance
Coming soon: Fundamental Investing
Coming soon: Financial Modeling
All Courses






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























E. Linn Draper Jr.









Share








































DEFINITION of 'E. Linn Draper Jr.'
A former chairman, CEO and president of Ohio-based public utility holding company American Electric Power Company. He became the company's leader just as energy deregulation took place, and he led a merger with another major public utility holding company (Central & South West Corp.), reassured investors of the company's strength in the wake of the Enron scandal and kept the company afloat through the recession of 2001-2002.

BREAKING DOWN 'E. Linn Draper Jr.'
Born in 1942 in Houston, Draper Jr. earned his Ph.D. from Cornell University in 1970. He then taught at the University of Texas until 1979, when he joined Gulf States Utilities and worked his way into senior management. In 1987 he joined American Electric. He became its president and COO in 1992 and its chairman, CEO and president in 1993. He stepped down as president and CEO at the end of 2003 and retired from his position as chairman in early 2004. 






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Electric Utilities Industry ETF                                            




                                                    Utilities Sector                                            




                                                    Jamie Dimon                                            




                                                    Utility Revenue Bond                                            




                                                    Leo F. Mullin                                            




                                                    Phil Condit                                            




                                                    Henry A. McKinnell Jr.                                            




                                                    G. Allen Andreas Jr.                                            




                                                    William E. Mitchell                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy




























E. Linn Draper Jr. - American Electric Power Company (aep) - The Wall Street Transcript
















































 






































Industry & Services >> CEO Interviews >> June 14, 2000 E. Linn  Draper Jr. –  American Electric Power Company (aep)
DR. E. LINN DRAPER, JR. is Chairman, President and Chief Executive
Officer of American Electric Power Company Inc. He is Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of the American Electric Power
Service Corp., the management and technology arm of the AEP System. He
became President of AEP and the Service Corporation in March 1992,
following 13 years with Gulf States Utilities Co. in Beaumont, Texas,
where he served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. He
became Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of AEP in May
1993. Dr. Draper is President of Ohio Valley Electric Corporation and
its subsidiary, Indiana-Kentucky Electric Corporation. He joined Gulf
States Utilities in 1979 as Technical Assistant to the Chairman of the
Board, then became Vice President of Nuclear Technology in 1980 and
Senior Vice President - Engineering and Technical Services in 1981. In
1982, he was elected Senior Vice President - External Affairs, then was
elevated to Executive Vice President - External Affairs and Production
in 1985. He was named Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President later
in 1985, and became Vice Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer
in 1986. Later the same year, he became Vice Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer, and in 1987 he was elected Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer. Before joining Gulf States Utilities, Dr.
Draper served on the faculty and administration at the University of
Texas in Austin, where he had been an Associate Professor and director
of the Nuclear Engineering Program. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree
and a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Rice
University in Houston, and a Doctorate in Nuclear Science and
Engineering from Cornell University in Ithaca, NY. He is a Registered
Professional Engineer in the State of Texas. In February 1992, Dr.
Draper was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering. He
is a member of the Board of Directors of CellNet Data Systems Inc. and
Borden Chemicals and Plastics. He was elected to the Cornell University
Council Board in July 1998, appointed to the University of Chicago Board
of Governors for Argonne National Laboratory in 1999, and serves on the
University of Texas Engineering Foundation Council. He is a member of
the Boards of Directors of the Nuclear Energy Institute (past Chairman),
the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations (past Chairman), the National
Coal Council (past Chairman), and the Edison Electric Institute (past
Chairman). He was appointed to the President's Council on Sustainable
Development, which was comprised of government, business, labor and
environmental leaders that recommend a national economic strategy to
protect the environment. He has served as past Chairman for Electric
Power Research Institute and past Chairman of the Utility Nuclear Waste
Management Group, a consortium of 43 electric utilities. He is a Past
President and a former member of the Board of Directors of the American
Nuclear Society. Dr. Draper has edited books on nuclear power and the
engineering aspects of fusion reactors and has written many major
technical papers. He has been a frequent speaker on behalf of the
industry. Dr. Draper received Energy Daily's annual Individual
Leadership Award in October 1997. Profile


TWST: Could we start out with a quick overview of the present dayAmerican Electric Power?Dr. Draper: We are, by many measures, about the second largest of theinvestor-owned utilities in the
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












   E. Draper | American Electric Power Company Inc | ZoomInfo.com

DR. E. LINN DRAPER, JR. | Houston, Texas USA |  Haddington Ventures, L.L.C.





































Haddington Ventures, L.L.C.

















DR. E. LINN DRAPER, JR.
Advisory Board
Dr. E. Linn Draper, Jr.'s Biography
Dr. Linn Draper is the former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of American Electric Power Company, Inc. (NYSE-AEP), one of the largest power utilities in the U.S. He joined AEP in 1992, following his 13-year tenure with Gulf State Utilities Co. in Beaumont, Texas, where he served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.




Print
























Alliance Data








































 













Making data actionable









Data — it’s what drives our business. We analyze millions of pieces of data and translate them into meaningful insights for our clients. That means bigger sales, stronger customer relationships, and sustained brand loyalty.










Doing good things that matter









We’re more than just our business results. We are equally committed to our associates, our communities, the environment, and the secure and responsible use of data. These responsibilities are not just important — they’re essential to who we are.










Using technology to save lives









Every second counts when lives are at stake. When a child is reported missing, or when there’s a severe weather warning, it is our brands’ technology that helps push millions of messages directly to people who need to know.










Strengthening our clients’ brands









With 300 million loyalty members worldwide, we like to think of ourselves as the ultimate matchmaker. We connect our clients’ brands with the right customer, at the right time, with the right message through the right device.








 







Who We Are






Harnessing the  power  of data to deliver business results 

You might not know our name, but you’ve seen what we do. Alliance Data is the engine behind loyalty and marketing campaigns for more than 1,000 consumer-facing companies worldwide across all industries: retail, travel, pharmaceutical, financial services, auto, and more.
In its own unique way, each of our three businesses better connects consumers with the brands they already love. And, we don’t do it through guesswork. We truly understand millions of individual consumers and their habits through our data analysis expertise. We understand where people like to shop, what device they like to use, the time of day they prefer to shop, what they’re shopping for, and the specific message that will interest them in a purchase.
That data-driven insight enables us to build dynamic and creative loyalty marketing programs and strengthen and deepen relationships between our clients and their customers. In today’s changing-by-the-minute digital landscape, that’s more crucial than ever.







Our Businesses







Card Services
Epsilon
LoyaltyOne







At Alliance Data’s card services business, we know 40 million consumers. How? They carry one (or more) of our clients’ branded credit cards, either in their wallet or on their mobile device. We manage more than 160 branded credit programs — private label, co-brand, and commercial — for the world’s most recognizable brands.
So, what does that mean exactly? When you use your Caesars Entertainment, Pottery Barn, J. Crew, or Victoria’s Secret credit card (just to name a few), that’s actually us. We capture transactional data, then use it to better understand consumer behavior and strengthen the ties between our clients and their customers. We also talk directly to consumers, providing outstanding and industry-leading customer care as part of the branded credit program. This combination translates to highly effective, multi-channel marketing communications for our clients. We also create incentives that drive sales, engage cardholders, and foster long-term brand loyalty.







Epsilon is a next generation marketing agency. We take a unique approach to managing the entire customer marketing lifecycle, as well as some of the world’s largest consumer databases for Fortune 1000 companies. By harnessing the power of rich data, world-leading technologies, creativity, and transformative ideas, our teams create multi-channel, tailored marketing solutions for our clients.
We play across every industry, from automotive and telecommunications to healthcare, travel, and entertainment. Our clients include nine of the top 10 banks, eight of the top 10 retailers, the 10 largest pharmaceutical companies, and the largest automakers.
With the science fueled by our Conversant business, a global leader in cross-device matching technology and user-to-device accuracy, we’re able to connect our clients and brands to 263 million consumers across computers, smartphones, tablets, and connected TVs.
Technology + Creative = Epsilon, the #1-ranked U.S. agency across all disciplines by  Ad Age  five years in a row.







LoyaltyOne is an expert in creating coalition loyalty programs and stand-alone loyalty rewards. We built our expertise through one of the most successful coalition loyalty programs on the planet — Canada’s AIR MILES® Reward Program. We bring together your grocer, your pharmacy, your gas station, and other retailers under one coalition loyalty program, which allows consumers to earn points and rewards for their everyday purchases. With approximately two-thirds of Canadian households actively participating, the AIR MILES Reward Program has been named one of the most influential brands in Canada.
We’ve also helped grow Latin America’s largest and fastest growing coalition program, dotz.  Under our leadership, dotz has evolved into a full-scale retail coalition, partnering with some of Brazil’s top brands and more than 14 million collectors to date.
Finally, Netherlands-based BrandLoyalty transforms casual shoppers into loyal customers through tailor-made, stand-alone loyalty programs. These programs are designed to generate immediate changes in consumer behavior and are offered through leading grocers around the world.













Our Leaders





Executives


Ed Heffernan
Charles Horn
Bryan Kennedy
Melisa Miller
Bryan Pearson
Joseph L. Motes III





Senior Leaders


Jeff Chesnut
Laura Santillan
Karen Wald





Board


Bruce K. Anderson
Roger H. Ballou
Kelly J. Barlow
D. Keith Cobb
E. Linn Draper, JR., Ph. D.
Edward J. Heffernan
Kenneth R. Jensen
Robert A. Minicucci
Timothy J. Theriault
Laurie A. Tucker











Ed Heffernan  /  President & CEO, Alliance DataEd Heffernan has been responsible for growing Alliance Data into an S&P 500 and Fortune 500 company that has ranked in the top 1% of corporations in terms of shareholder return since he led its initial public offering in 2001. He joined Alliance Data in May 1998 as vice president of mergers and acquisitions, after holding similar positions with First Data and Citicorp, and in corporate finance with CS First Boston (now Credit Suisse). In 2000, he assumed the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Alliance Data. His promotion to President and CEO in 2009 occurred in the midst of the Great Recession, a period during which he not only guided the company through the economic storm but delivered growth despite the macroeconomic downturn. Ed is the architect of the Company’s unique business model, which, through its three businesses, offers a full suite of data-driven, targeted marketing solutions through three primary lines of business balanced to navigate through economic cycles, delivering consistent strong financial performance.
As he continues to grow the business, Ed is also committed to continuously raising the company’s corporate responsibility goals, with the belief that Alliance Data must deliver beyond financial performance to maintain its reputation as a responsible corporate citizen. He is a champion of the Company’s corporate giving efforts. An active community advocate for children’s health and education, Ed serves on the board of directors for Children’s Health System of Texas. He is also a member of the board and Long-Range Planning Committee of the Shelton School, a Dallas private school for children with learning differences. He supports the Plano Independent School District (PISD) Foundation in the North Texas area, and is a member of the PISD CEO Council. Additionally, Ed serves as a trustee for campus affairs at Wesleyan University and is a member of the Board of Overseers for Columbia Business School. He holds a bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Economics from Wesleyan University and an MBA from Columbia Business School. Ed is married with two children.
1% Alliance Data has ranked in the top 1% of companies in terms of shareholder return under Ed’s leadership.
1 MBA from Columbia Business School.
 






A Few of Our Clients






We think you’ll recognize the names (not to brag)












 
American Express

 

 




 
Pottery     Barn

 

 




 
Walgreens

 

 







































 





















