





Hirsch, Laurence E. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Laurence E. Hirsch
LAURENCE E. HIRSCH was elected Chairman of the Board of Centex
Corporation in July 1991. Mr. Hirsch has been Chief Executive
Officer of Centex Corporation since July 1988. He joined the
company as President and Chief Operating Officer and a member of
the Board of Directors in 1985. He also serves as Chairman of the
Board of Centex Construction Products, Inc., a public company in
which Centex owns a 65% interest. Centex Corporation, a New York
Stock Exchange company with revenues of over $6 billion, is one
of the nation’s largest home builders, mortgage loan originators
and general building contractors and has housing operations in
the United Kingdom and Mexico. FORTUNE magazine currently ranks
Centex as the nation’s ‘Most Admired’ engineering and
construction company. Prior to joining Centex, Mr. Hirsch was
President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Southdown,
Inc., in Houston, Texas. An attorney, he previously had been a
partner in the Houston-based law firm of Bracewell & Patterson.
Mr. Hirsch received a BS in Economics from The Wharton School at
the University of Pennsylvania and a JD from the Villanova
University School of Law in Villanova, Pennsylvania. He is a
native of New York City. Currently, Mr. Hirsch serves on the
Board of Directors of Belo Corporation and Luminex Corporation.
He is also an Advisory Director of Heidelberger Zement, A.G. He
is a trustee of the University of Pennsylvania and serves on the
Board of Consultors of Villanova Law School. Mr. Hirsch is a
member of the Board of Directors of Methodist Hospitals of Dallas
and is an Honorary Director of Senior Citizens of Greater Dallas.
Related Interviews:Laurence Hirsch - Centex Corporation (ctx)October 13, 2003Laurence Hirsch - Centex Corporation (ctx)November 28, 2000Laurence Hirsch -  Centex Corporation (ctx)October 02, 2000Laurence E. Hirsch -  Centex Corporation (ctx)April 12, 1999







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google



















Laurence E. Hirsch 1946— Biography - From courtroom to business meetings, Success at centex













Home
Business Biographies
 F-L
 Laurence E. Hirsch 1946— Biography



      Laurence E. Hirsch
      
      1946–
    











        Chairman, Eagle Materials
      


      Nationality: American.
    

      Born: 1946, in New York, New York.
    

      Education: University of Pennsylvania, BS, 1967; Villanova University
      School of Law, JD, 1971.
    

      Family: Married Susan (maiden name unknown).
    

      Career: Bracewell & Patterson, 1973–1975, lawyer; Southdown,
      1975–1985, CEO and president; Centex Corporation, 1985–1988,
      president and COO; 1988–1991, CEO and president; 1991–2004,
      chairman and CEO; Centex Construction Products, 1999–2004,
      chairman; Eagle Materials, 2004–, chairman.
    

      Address: Eagle Materials, 3811 Turtle Creek Boulevard, Suite 11, Dallas,
      Texas 75219; http://www.eaglematerials.com.
    

      ■ Laurence E. Hirsch joined Centex Corporation in 1985 and
      eventually became CEO and chairman of the company. During his tenure
      there, Hirsch helped build the company into the nation's largest
      home-construction business before diversifying into smaller businesses
      ranging from cement to pest control, which he did partly in order to
      offset the impact of the cyclical nature of home building on the
      company's bottom line. After retiring from Centex in 2004, Hirsch
      continued his role as chairman of Centex Construction Products, which was
      renamed Eagle Materials. Analysts credited Hirsch's strategy of
      extending the reach of both his company and his management power with
      being a vital key to Centex's success.
    

      FROM COURTROOM TO BUSINESS MEETINGS
    

      Hirsch was born in New York City and attended the Wharton School at the
      University of Pennsylvania, where he majored in industrial relations and
      met his wife, Susan. Although he was interested in business, he did not
      stay on at Wharton in order to earn his MBA, instead deciding to attend
      law school at Villanova University. In an article by David A. Stevenson
      that appeared on the Web site of the Wharton Club of Dallas/Fort Worth,
      Hirsh was quoted as commenting, "I wanted to broaden my education.
      My wife's father was a lawyer in Philadelphia and I saw him as a
      role model" (February 12, 2001).
    

      After graduating from law school in 1971, Hirsch spent a year in the U.S.
      Army Reserves before joining an established Philadelphia law firm, where
      he stayed for a year. While doing work for one of the firm's
      client's in Houston, Texas, Hirsch was recommended by the client to
      the smaller Dallas firm of Bracewell & Patterson, which
      subsequently recruited him. Seeing the job offer as an opportunity to
      become involved in more diverse activities, Hirsch accepted the position
      and practiced law with Bracewell & Patterson for about two years.
    

      As a part of one of his cases at Bracewell & Patterson, Hirsch
      became involved with Southdown; he was representing a family from New York
      that was mired in a proxy fight for control of the company. The family
      eventually obtained three seats on the board and later proposed its own
      slate of directors. Having helped the family assume control of Southdown,
      Hirsch approached the 80-year-old family head and asked for the
      opportunity to run the company; the family head complied. At the age of 29
      Hirsch became CEO of a conglomerate that owned oil and gas properties, a
      cement operation, and a brewery and bottling operations. Hirsch stayed at
      Southdown until 1985, when he was recruited by Centex.
    

      SUCCESS AT CENTEX
    

      Hirsch's career at Centex was characterized by exceptional results.
      He started out as president and COO in 1985, became CEO in 1988, and added
      the title of chairman of the board in 1991. Over the course of his career
      at Centex, Hirsch helped oversee an increase in the company's
      revenues from $1.2 billion in 1985 to more than $10 billion in fiscal
      2004.
    

      Although Hirsch had helped Centex become the nation's largest home
      builder, in 1991 the company still had less than 1 percent of the national
      market share. In addition, Hirsch realized that the company was dependent
      almost solely on the new-home market and was thus highly vulnerable to
      general economic fluctuations. The company's profits had lurched
      from $62 in 1989 to $34 million in 1991.
    

      Yet, even when Centex's bottom line seemed unstable, Hirsch
      remained optimistic that the company could grow, and so he oversaw its
      expansion into new markets. Around 1996 he started to slow down
      Centex's emphasis on home building, starting fewer projects in
      suburban subdivisions. Centex had diversified into the manufacture of
      cement and wallboard when Hirsch joined the company in 1985, and he wanted
      to diversify further. While researching possible directions in which to
      lead the company, Hirsch found that mobile homes accounted for nearly
      one-third of all new homes sold in the mid-1990s; he decided to plunge
      into that market. In 1997 he bought 80 percent of Cavco Industries, which
      was the number-one mobile-home maker in Arizona. He also bought a small
      mobile-home retailer and started up one business that financed mobile
      homes and another that built trailer parks. By the end of fiscal 1999
      Hirsch's decisions had paid off: that year Centex's
      mobile-home operations earned around $12 million, up from the $6.7 million
      of three years before.
    

      Hirsch's efforts at diversification also included investment in
      pest control. The company installed porous plastic pipes in the walls of
      its new homes, then sold pest-control services in which a Centex employee
      used the pipes to fumigate the house every three months. In many
      communities up to 90 percent of home buyers signed up for the services,
      leading to more than 100,000 pest-control customers in 1999 and $31
      million in revenues. All in all Hirsch led Centex's
      non-home-building businesses to account for 44 percent of the
      company's sales and 50 percent of its operating profits in 1999.
      Many analysts credited his expansion tactics with helping the company to
      remain strong through a subsequent falloff in home building. Although
      Hirsch's strategy of keeping new-home sales flat at around 13,000
      units a year allowed another company to gain the market-leading position
      in the home-building industry, Centex nevertheless became the top home
      builder on the 1999 
      
        Forbes
      
       list of platinum companies, with an average five-year return on capital
      of 13.4 percent.
    

      KEEPS COMPANY ON COURSE
    

      By 2001 Hirsch had directed Centex's initiation of an international
      home-building operation that functioned primarily in the United Kingdom
      and Mexico. He also started a sub-prime lending operation and continued to
      spur growth in the company's home-services businesses, which grew
      to include security and lawn and garden fertilization as well as pest
      control. Overall the company's stock went from $18 to $42 a share
      between 2000 and 2001. Meanwhile Hirsch had kept home sales increasing at
      a rate of 16 percent over the years, and analysts credited him with
      helping the company leverage costs, thus boosting net income by 51
      percent. Still, many analysts were questioning Centex's and other
      construction companies' ability to continue to grow as worries
      about the stability of the economy heightened.
    

      Hirsch remained confident that he could keep all of Centex's gears
      running smoothly in spite of the signs that the economy was entering a
      slump. While Centex had fallen to the number-four position in the U.S.
      home-building industry, an alysts remained bullish largely because of
      Hirsch's diversification strategies. They noted that the
      Dallas-based company was extremely strong in construction contracts in
      states such as Texas and Florida, and they also emphasized the
      company's strength in not being entirely reliant on the cyclical
      construction business for profits. In 2002 one-third of Centex's
      profits came from home-building services such as home finance and pest
      control. By cutting back on new-home construction, Hir sch had ensured
      that the company would retain a low inventory of unsold homes.
    

      Hirsch also established a mortgage unit called CTX Mort gage that played
      solidly into the firm's strategy for increasing income. In an
      interview with 
      
        National Mortgage News
      
      , Hirsch noted, "CTX Mortgage will add about $75 million to the
      company's earnings this year," (December 17, 2001). On April
      31, 2003, Hirsch boasted of a truly spectacular quarter in terms of
      finances, in which Centex's revenues increased 28 percent to over
      $2.3 billion.
    

      MANAGEMENT STYLE: DIVERSIFY AND DELEGATE
    

      Analysts noted that Hirsch's emphasis on diversification in the
      1990s helped make Centex one of the most successful building companies in
      the nation. They observed that part of his management style was also to
      spread out his management power. For example, he redesigned the
      company's home building operations so that they were split into 40
      profit centers, each run by a local president. These presidents took
      complete responsibility for regional aspects of the
      businesses—aspects that were typically overseen at headquarters at
      other large building companies—such as the purchasing of land and
      construction materials and the contracting of services. Analysts noted
      that this approach provided real incentive for regional presidents to turn
      large profits, as their salaries could be doubled or tripled as a result
      of their performances.
    

      With respect to his personal philosophy on business leadership, Hirsch
      maintained that there was no single "best" approach. He once
      noted that leadership-development professionals often said that their
      specific practices could be applied at any firm; Hirsch, however,
      maintained a more independent view of leadership. As quoted in the book 
      
        Leading the Way: Three Truths from the Top Companies for Leaders
      
      , by Robert Gondossy and Marc Effron, Hirsch noted, "Let's
      take that best practice and really think how it fits our people, and what
      the needs of our people are. We need to 'Centex-ize'
      it" (2003).
    

      STEPS DOWN FROM CENTEX
    

      Although Hirsch had outlined many plans for Centex's future, the
      company suddenly announced in early 2004 that he was retiring as CEO and
      chairman. Some analysts were surprised at his resignation, which became
      effective March 31, 2004. Arthur Odama of Morningstar told the 
      
        Miami Herald
      
      , "This appears to be an unexpected change at the top"
      (January 7, 2004). Although he was no longer Centex's chairman and
      CEO, Hirsch continued to serve as the chairman of the separate company
      Centex Construction Products, which was renamed Eagle Materials after it
      was spun off from Centex Corporation. Eagle's businesses included
      ready-mixed, aggregate, and cement operations in Texas, Nevada,
      California, and Illinois. During his career, Hirsch was also a member of
      the boards of directors of Luminex Corporation and Belos Corporation, an
      advisory director of Heidelberger Cement, and a trustee of the University
      of Pennsylvania.
    




        See also
      
       entries on Centex Corporation and Southdown, Inc. in 
      
        International Directory of Company Histories
      
      .
    



      sources for further information
    

      "Centex CEO to Step Down," 
      
        Miami Herald
      
      , January 7, 2004.
    

      Gondossy, Robert, and Marc Effron, "Chapter 1: The Looming
      Leadership Crisis," in 
      
        Leading the Way: Three Truths from the Top Companies for Leaders
      
      , New York, N.Y.: John Wiley & Sons, 2003.
    

      Hirsch, Laurence, "Home-Builder Stocks Punished Too Much?"
      interview in 
      
        National Mortgage News
      
      , December 17, 2001, p. 16.
    

      "Home Building Plus," 
      
        Forbes
      
      , March 8, 1999, p. 89.
    

      Stevenson, David A., "Laurence E. Hirsch," Wharton Club of
      Dallas/Fort Worth, February 12, 2001, 
      
        http://whartondfw.org/alumninews/alumninews1.html
      
      .
    



      —David Petechuk
    










User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
Laurence E. Hirsch 1946— Biography forum




			Hess, John B. 1954–
		

			Holden, Betsy 1955–
		 





















Business Biographies













Home
 Business Biographies

Business Biographies


Business Biographies - A-E
Contains articles like F. Duane Ackerman 1942— Biography, Josef Ackermann 1948— Biography, Shai Agassi 1968— Biography, Umberto Agnelli 1934—2004 Biography, Ahn Cheol-soo 1962— Biography, Naoyuki Akikusa 1938— Biography, Raúl Alarcón Jr. 1956— Biography, William F. Aldinger III 1947— Biography, Vagit Y. Alekperov 1950— Biography, César Alierta Izuel 1945— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - F-L
Contains articles like Richard D. ca. Fairbank 1950— Biography, Thomas J. Falk 1958— Biography, David N. Farr 1955— Biography, Jim Farrell 1943— Biography, Franz Fehrenbach 1949— Biography, Pierre Féraud Biography, E. James Ferland 1942— Biography, Dominique Ferrero Biography, Trevor Fetter 1960— Biography, John Finnegan 1949— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - M-R
Contains articles like Ma Fucai 1943— Biography, John J. Mack 1944— Biography, Terunobu Maeda 1945— Biography, Joseph Magliochetti 1942—2003 Biography, Marjorie Magner 1949— Biography, Richard Mahoney 1934— Biography, Steven J. Malcolm 1948— Biography, Richard A. Manoogian 1936— Biography, Mohamed Hassan Marican 1952— Biography, Reuben Mark 1939— Biography, etc… 


Business Biographies - S-Z
Contains articles like Alfredo Sáenz 1942— Biography, Mary F. Sammons 1946— Biography, Steve Sanger 1946— Biography, Ron Sargent 1955— Biography, Arun Sarin 1954— Biography, Mikio Sasaki 1937— Biography, Paolo Scaroni 1946— Biography, George A. Schaefer Jr. 1945— Biography, Leonard D. Schaeffer 1945— Biography, Hans-Jürgen Schinzler 1940— Biography, etc… 





















F-L













Home
Business Biographies
 F-L


		       F-L
		    
Richard D. ca. Fairbank 1950— Biography
Career: Strategic Planning Associates, 1985–1990, partner and consultant; Signet Banking Corporation, 1990–1994, eventually head of credit-card unit; Capital One Financial Corporation, 1994–, chairman and CEO.
Thomas J. Falk 1958— Biography
Education: University of Wisconsin–Madison, BBA, 1980, Stanford University, MS, 1988.
David N. Farr 1955— Biography
Career: Emerson Electric, 1981–2000, various positions, including manager of investor relations, vice president of corporate planning and development, and chief operating officer; 2000–, chief executive officer.
Jim Farrell 1943— Biography
Education: University of Detroit, bachelor's in electrical engineering, 1965.
Franz Fehrenbach 1949— Biography
Career: Bosch Group, 1975–1976, trainee; 1976–1978, assistant in the Office of the Executive Management for Electrical and Electronic Engine Equipment Division; 1978–1980, director of Materials Planning and Logistics for Stuttgart-Feuerbach Alternator Plant; 1980–1982, commercial plant manager of Hildesheim Plant, Göttingen Branch; 1982–1985, vice president of Planning and Controlling; 1985–1989, vice president and executive vice president of Finance and Administration; Robert Bosch Corporation, Automotive Group (USA), 1989–1994, executive vice president of Starters and Alternators Division; 1994–1996, president of Starters and Alternators Division; 1996–1997, executive vice president of Finance and Administration for Diesel Systems Division; 1997–1999, president of Diesel Systems Division; 1999–2003, member of board of management; 2003–, CEO.
Pierre Féraud Biography
Address: Foncière Euris, 83 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honore, 75008 Paris, France; http://www.fonciereeuris.fr.
E. James Ferland 1942— Biography
Education: University of Maine, BS, 1964; University of New Haven, MBA, 1976.
Dominique Ferrero Biography
■ When Dominique Ferrero suddenly resigned his position as deputy chief executive of French banking giant Crédit Agricole in December 2003, the news shook the international banking world. Ferrero, former chief executive officer of Crédit Lyonnais, one of France's biggest banks, had been instrumental in arranging the huge merger between Crédit Lyonnais and Crédit Agricole. 
Trevor Fetter 1960— Biography
Education: Stanford University, bachelor's degree, 1982; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1986.
John Finnegan 1949— Biography
Education: Princeton University, BA; Fordham University, LLD; Rutgers University, MBA.
Carly Fiorina 1954— Biography
Education: Stanford University, BA, 1976; Robert H. Smith School of Business at University of Maryland, College Park, MBA, 1980; Sloan School of Business at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MS.
Paul Fireman 1944— Biography
Career: Family sporting goods store, ?–1979; Reebok International, 1979–, chief executive officer.
Jay S. Fishman 1952— Biography
Education: University of Pennsylvania, BA, 1974; University of Pennsylvania, MS, 1974.
Niall FitzGerald 1945— Biography
Family: Son of William FitzGerald, a customs officer, and Doreen Chambers; married Monica Mary Cusack, 1970 (deceased); married name unknown; children: three (from first marriage), one (from second marriage).
Dennis J. FitzSimons 1950— Biography
Career: Stock-transfer company, 1972, account officer; Grey Advertising, 1972–1973, assistant buyer; Peters, Griffin, Woodward, 1973–1975, marketing representative; Blair Television, 1975–1977, marketing representative; TeleRep, 1977–1981, account executive, then program salesman; Viacom, 1981, director of sales and marketing; 1982, director of sales and marketing for WVIT-TV; Tribune Company, 1982–1984, director of sales; 1984–1985, station general manager of WGNO-TV; 1985–1987, vice president of operations for Tribune Broadcasting; 1987–1991, vice president and general manager of WGN-TV; 1992–1994, president of Tribune Broadcasting's Tribune Television Division; 1994–2003, executive vice president of Tribune Broadcasting; 2000, executive vice president; 2001–2003, president and COO; 2003–2004, CEO and president; 2004–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Olav Fjell 1951— Biography
Education: Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration, MSc, 1975.
John E. Fletcher 1952— Biography
Career: Brambles Industries, 1974–1982, accounting, operating, and senior management positions; 1982–1984, general manager of Transport Division; 1984–1986, commercial director; 1986–1988, managing director of CHEP Australia; 1988–1993, managing director of Brambles Australia; 1993–2001, CEO; Coles Myer, 2001–, managing director and CEO.
William P. Foley II 1944— Biography
Education: U.S. Military Academy, BS, 1967; Seattle University, MBA, 1970; University of Washington School of Law, JD, 1974.
Jean-Martin Folz 1947— Biography
Education: École Polytechnique and École des Mines, engineering degree, 1971.
Scott T. Ford 1962— Biography
Family: Son of Joe T. Ford (retired Alltel CEO) and Jo Ellen Wilbourne Ford (daughter of Allied Telephone Company founder Hugh Randolph Wilbourne Jr.); married, 1984; children: three.
William Clay Ford Jr. 1957— Biography
Education: Princeton University, BA, 1979; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, MBA, 1984.
Gary D. Forsee 1950— Biography
Career: Southwestern Bell, 1972–1987, positions in operations; AT&T, 1987–1989, vice president of service operations; Sprint, 1989–1991, general manager and vice president of government systems division; 1991–1993, president of government systems division and president of business services group; 1993–1994, senior vice president of staff operations for long-distance division; 1994–1995, interim chief executive officer of PCS (wireless) division; 1995–1997, president and chief operating officer of long-distance division; Global One, 1998–1999, president and chief executive officer; BellSouth Corporation, 1999–2000, executive vice president and chief staff officer; BellSouth International, 2000–2001, president; Cingular Wireless, 2001, chairman of the board; BellSouth, 2002, vice chairman of the board; Sprint, 2003–, chief executive officer and chairman of the board.
Kent B. Foster 1944— Biography
Education: North Carolina State University, BS, 1965; University of Southern California, MBA, 1969.
Charlie Fote 1949— Biography
Career: Framingham Trust, vice president of operations; First Data Corporation (then owned by American Express), Omaha First Data Resources unit, 1975–1981, director of special projects; American Express Money Order Division, 1981–1985, vice president of finance and planning; American Express Travel Related Services' Data Based Services Group, 1985–1989, executive vice president; First Data Corporation, Integrated Payment Systems subsidiary, 1989–1991, president; 1991–1998, Payment Services businesses, 1997–1998, executive vice president, and Merchant Services businesses (additional responsibilities); First Data Corporation, 1998–2002, president, chief operating officer; January 2002–, chief executive officer; January 2003–, chairman of the board.
Jean-René Fourtou 1939— Biography
Career: Bossard & Michel, 1963–1972, engineering consultant; Bossard Consultants, 1972–1977, member, board of directors; Bossard Consultants, 1977–1986, chief operating officer; Rhône-Poulenc, 1986–1999, chairman and chief executive officer; Aventis, 1999–2002, vice chairman of management board; 2002–, honorary chairman; Vivendi Universal, 2002–, chairman and chief executive officer; International Chamber of Commerce, 2003–, president.
H. Allen Franklin 1944— Biography
Career: Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, 1967–1970, various positions; Southern Company, 1970–1979, various engineering positions; Alabama Power, 1979–1981, assistant to executive vice president; 1981–1983, senior vice president; Southern Company Services, 1988–1994, president and CEO; Georgia Power, 1994–1999, president and CEO; Southern Company, 1999–2001, president and COO; 2001–2004, president, CEO, and chairman of the board.
Tom Freston 1945— Biography
Education: Received undergraduate degree from Saint Michael's College; New York University, MBA, 1970.
Takeo Fukui 1944— Biography
Career: Honda Motor Company, 1969–1979, engineer; Honda R&D Company, 1979–1982, chief engineer; Honda Racing Corporation, 1982–1983, chief engineer; 1983–1985, director; 1985–1987, executive vice president; Honda R&D Company, 1987–1988, managing director; Honda Racing Corporation, 1987–1988, president; Honda Motor Company, 1988–1990, director; Honda R&D Company, 1990–1991, senior managing director; Honda Motor Company, 1991–1992, general manager of Motorcycle Development; 1992–1994, general manager of Hamamatsu Factory, Motorcycle Operations; Honda of America Manufacturing, 1994–1996, executive vice president and director; Honda Motor Company, 1996–1998, managing director; Honda of America Manufacturing, 1996–1998, president and director; Honda R&D Company, 1998–2003, president; Honda Motor Company, 1999–2003, senior managing and representative director; 2003–, president and CEO.
Richard S. Fuld Jr. 1946— Biography
Born: April 26, 1946, in New York City, New York.
S. Marce Fuller 1960— Biography
Education: University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa, BS, 1983; Union College, MS, 1984.
Masaaki Furukawa Biography
Career: Toyota Tsusho Corporation, dates unknown, various positions including president.
Joseph Galli Jr. 1959— Biography
Education: University of North Carolina–Chapel Hill, BA, 1980; Loyola College, MBA, 1987.
Louis Gallois 1944— Biography
Education: École des Hautes Études Commerciales; École Nationale d'Administration.
Christopher B. Galvin 1950— Biography
Education: Northwestern University, BS, 1973; J. L. 
Roy A. Gardner 1945— Biography
Family: Son of Roy Thomas Gardner (carpenter) and Iris Joan (maiden name unknown); married Carol Ann Barker, 1969; children: three.
Bill Gates 1955— Biography
Family: Son of William Henry Gates II (attorney) and Mary Maxwell (teacher); married Melinda French (Microsoft manager), January 1, 1994; children: three.
David Geffen 1943— Biography
Born: February 21, 1943, in New York City, New York.
Jay M. ca. Gellert 1956— Biography
Career: California Healthcare System, 1985–1988, senior vice president and chief operating officer; Bay Pacific Health Corporation, 1988–1991, president and chief executive officer; Shattuck Hammond Partners, 1991–1996; Health Systems International, 1996–1997, chairman of the board of directors, president, and chief operating officer; Foundation Health Systems (later renamed Health Net), 1997–1998, president and chief operating officer; 1998–, president and chief executive officer.
Louis V. Gerstner Jr. 1942— Biography
Education: Dartmouth College, BA, 1963; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1965.
John E. Gherty 1945— Biography
Career: Land O'Lakes, 1970–1979, attorney; 1979–1981, assistant to the president; 1981–1989, group vice president and chief administration officer; 1989–, CEO and president.
Carlos Ghosn 1954— Biography
Education: École Polytechnique, 1974; École des Mines de Paris, 1978.
Charles K. Gifford 1942— Biography
Family: Son of Clarence H. (banker) and Priscilla Kilvert; married Anne Dewing, 1964; children: four.
Raymond V. Gilmartin 1941— Biography
Education: Union College, BS, 1963; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1968.
Larry C. Glasscock 1948— Biography
Family: Son of Oscar Claborn and Betty Lou Norman; married Lee Ann Roden; children: two.
Robert D. Glynn Jr. 1942— Biography
Education: Manhattan College, BS, 1964; Long Island University, MS, 1967.
Francisco González Rodríguez 1944— Biography
Career: FG Inversiones Bursátiles, 1987–1996, president; Argentaria, 1996–1999, chief executive officer; Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 2000–, chief executive officer.
David R. Goode 1941— Biography
Education: Duke University, AB, 1962; Harvard Law School, JD, 1965.
Jim Goodnight 1943— Biography
Education: North Carolina State University, BS, 1965; MS, 1968; PhD, 1972.
Fred A. Goodwin 1959— Biography
Career: Rosyth Royal Dockyard, 1985–1987, contract manager; Touche Ross, dates unknown, partner; Bank of Credit and Commerce International, dates unknown, chief operating officer; National Australia Bank, dates unknown, chief executive officer and director; Royal Bank of Scotland, 1998–2000, group chief executive; 2000–, CEO.
Chip W. Goodyear 1958— Biography
Education: Yale University, BS, 1980; Wharton School of Finance, University of Pennsylvania, MBA, 1983.
Andrew Gould 1946— Biography
Career: Ernst & Young, ?–1975; Schlumberger, 1975–1977, Internal Audit Paris; 1977–1979, controller, Schlumberger Instrument Velizy; 1979–1981, controller, FEA Wireline; 1981–1982, coltroller, Forex Neptune; 1982–1984, controller, Drilling & Production Services; 1984, vice president, Finance Dowell Schlumberger Houston; 1984–1985, treasurer, Atlantic Asia; 1985–1986, controller, Wireline & Testing; 1986–1990, treasurer, SL NY; 1990–1991, vice president operations, Sedco Forex; 1991–1993, president of Sedco Forex, 1993–1998, president of Wireline & Testing; 1998–1999, president of Oilfield Services Products; 1999–2002, executive vice president of Oilfield Services; 2002, president and COO; 2003–, chairman and CEO.
William E. Greehey 1936— Biography
Education: St. Mary's University of San Antonio, Texas, BBA, 1960.
Stephen K. Green 1948— Biography
Family: Son of Dudley Keith Green and Dorothy Rosamund Mary Wickham; married Janian Joy, 1971; children: two.
Hank Greenberg 1925— Biography
Education: University of Miami, BA, 1948; New York Law School, LLB, 1950.
Jeffrey W. Greenberg 1951— Biography
Education: Brown University, AB, 1973; Georgetown University Law School, JD, 1976.
Robert Greenberg 1940— Biography
Family: Son of Harry Greenberg (grocer) and Belle (maiden name unknown); married (wife's name unknown; divorced); children: six.
J. Barry ca. Griswell 1949— Biography
Career: MetLife Marketing Corporation, dates unknown, president and chief executive officer; Principal Financial Group, 1988–1991, agency vice president; 1991–1996, senior vice president of individual insurance; 1996–1998, executive vice president; 1998–2000, president; 2000–, president and CEO, 2002–, chairman.
Rijkman W. J. Groenink 1949— Biography
Education: University of Utrecht, law degree; Manchester University Business School, DipBA, 1973.
Andy Grove 1936— Biography
Education: City College of New York, BS, 1960; University of California, Berkeley, PhD, 1963.
Oswald J. Grübel 1943— Biography
Career: White Weld Securities, 1970–1978, Eurobond trader; 1978–1985, CEO; Crédit Suisse First Boston, 1985–1986, corporate chairman and chairman of Futures Trading in Zurich and of Asia division; 1986–1987, member of the Nederlands Supervisory Board; 1987–1988, CEO of Hong Kong division; 1988–1991, deputy chairman and member of group executive committee; Crédit Suisse Group, 1991–2002, member of executive board; Credit Suisse First Boston, 1997–1998, member of the executive board and head of Global Trading; Crédit Suisse Financial Services, 1998–, CEO; Crédit Suisse Group, 2003–, co-CEO.
Jerry A. Grundhofer 1945— Biography
Family: Son of a bartender and a house cleaner; married (wife's name unknown).
Rajiv L. Gupta 1945— Biography
Education: Indian Institute of Technology, BS, 1967; Cornell University, MS, 1969; Drexel University, MBA, 1971.
Carlos M. Gutierrez 1953— Biography
Family: Son of Pedro (pineapple plantation owner) and Olga (Fernandez) Gutierrez; married Edilia Cabrera, c. 1975; children: three.
Robert Haas 1942— Biography
Education: University of California, Berkeley, BS, 1964; Harvard Graduate School of Business, MBA, 1968.
David D. Halbert 1956— Biography
Family: Son of a physician; married (wife's name unknown).
Hiroshi Hamada 1933— Biography
Career: Ricoh Company, 1957–1975, various positions; 1975–1983, director; 1983–1996, president; 1996–2003, chairman and chief executive officer; 2003–, chairman.
Toru Hambayashi Biography
Career: Nichimen Corporation, 1997–1998, COO of Chemicals, Plastics, and Energy Group; 1998–1999, COO of Consumer and General Products Group; 1999, executive vice president and chief information officer; 2000–2001, head of Net Commerce Business Team; 2001–2003, president; Nissho Iwai–Nichimen Holdings Corporation, 2003–2004, chairman and co-CEO.
Jürgen Hambrecht 1946— Biography
Career: BASF, 1976–1985, chemist; Lacke und Farben, 1985–1990, head of research and purchasing; 1990–1995, president of Engineering Plastics Division; BASF, 1995–2002, president of East Asia Division; 2002–, chairman.
John H. Hammergren 1959— Biography
Education: University of Minnesota, BBA, 1981; Xavier University, MBA, 1987.
H. Edward Hanway 1951— Biography
Education: Loyola College of Baltimore, BA, 1974; Widener University, MBA, 1984.
George J. Harad 1944— Biography
Education: Franklin and Marshall College, BA, 1965; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1971.
William B. Harrison Jr. 1943— Biography
Education: University of North Carolina–Chapel Hill, BA, 1966; completed Harvard Business School International Senior Management Programme, 1967.
Richard Harvey 1950— Biography
Career: Phoenix Assurance, trainee; Sun Alliance, various positions until 1986; 1987–1990, general manager, New Zealand operations; Norwich Union, 1992–1993, regional chief executive officer, New Zealand; 1993–1994, general manager, finance department, UK; 1995–1997, finance director; 1998–1999, chief executive officer; CGNU (renamed Aviva in 2002), 2000, deputy chief executive officer; 2001–, chief executive officer; Association of British Insurers, 2003–, chairman.
William Haseltine 1944— Biography
Education: University of California, Berkeley, BA, 1966; Harvard University, PhD, 1973.
Andy Haste 1962— Biography
Career: National Westminster Bank, dates unknown, president of U.S. consumer credit retail banking; GE Capital UK, dates unknown, president and chief executive officer of Global Consumer Finance Europe; AXA Sun Life, 1999–2003, chief executive officer and director of AXA UK; Royal & SunAlliance, 2003–, chief executive officer.
Lewis Hay III Biography
Education: Lehigh University, bachelor's degree; Carnegie Mellon University, MBA.
William F. Hecht 1943— Biography
Career: Pennsylvania Power & Light (PPL), 1964–1968, project engineer; 1968–1972, senior project engineer; 1972–1975, manager, distribution planning; 1975–1976, executive director, Corporate Energy Planning Council; 1976–1978, manager, systems planning; 1978–1984, vice president, system power; 1984–1987, vice president, marketing and economic development; 1987–1990, vice president, power production and engineering; senior vice president, system power and engineering; 1990–1991, executive vice president of operations; 1991–, president, 1993–, chairman and chief executive officer.
Bert Heemskerk 1943— Biography
Education: Wolfgang Goethe Universität, bachelor's degree, 1965; Université Catholique de Paris, master's degree, 1966; Karls Eberhard Universität, PhD, 1969; Nederlands Economische Hogeschool, bachelor's degree, 1972.
Rainer Hertrich 1949— Biography
Career: Siemens, 1969–1971, apprentice; 1977, Messerschmitt-Bölkow-Blohm, information processing supervisor, military aircraft division; 1979–1983, head, service division controlling department; 1983–1984, CFO, service division; 1984–1987, head, controlling and finance department; 1987–1990, CFO, marine and special products division; Deutsche Aerospace, 1990–1991, vice president, corporate controlling; DaimlerChrysler Aerospace, 1991–1996, senior vice president, corporate controlling; 1996–2000, head, aeroengines business unit; Motorenund Turbinen-Union München, 1996–2000, president and CEO; DASA, 1996–2000, executive committee member; DaimlerChrysler Aerospace AG, 2000, president and CEO; European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company (EADS), 2000– Co-CEO, chairman of executive committee, and member of board of management.
John B. Hess 1954— Biography
Family: Son of Leon Hess (business executive) and Norma (maiden name unknown); married Susan Elizabeth Kessler.
Laurence E. Hirsch 1946— Biography
Education: University of Pennsylvania, BS, 1967; Villanova University School of Law, JD, 1971.
Betsy Holden 1955— Biography
Education: Duke University, BA, 1977; Northwestern University, MA, 1978; MBA (Master's of Management and Finance in marketing), 1982.
Chad Holliday 1948— Biography
Family: Son of Charles O. Holliday Sr. 
Katsuhiko Honda Biography
Career: Japan Tobacco, 1994–1995, executive director, personnel and labor relations; 1995–1996, executive director, tobacco headquarters; 1996–1998, executive vice president; 1998–2000, senior executive vice president; 2000–, president and chief executive officer; 2001–, representative director.
van B. Honeycutt 1945— Biography
Career: Computer Sciences Corporation, 1975–1983, regional marketing director for time-sharing and value-added network; CSC Credit Services, 1983–1987, president; CSC Industry Services Group, 1987–1993, president; Computer Sciences Corporation, 1987–1993, corporate vice president; 1993–2003, president; 1993–1995, chief operating officer; 1995–, chief executive officer and chairman of the board.
Kazutomo Robert Hori 1965— Biography
Career: Paradise Web Company, 1994, cofounder, president, and chief executive officer; Cybird Company, 1998–, founder, president, and chief executive officer.
Janice Bryant Howroyd 1952— Biography
Education: North Carolina A&T State University, English degree; University of Maryland, master's degree; North Carolina State University, PhD.
Ancle Hsu 1961— Biography
Address: 2919 East Philadelphia Street, Ontario, California 91761; www.apexdigitalinc.com.
Günther Hülse 1942— Biography
Career: State of North Rhine–Westphalia, fiscal administrator; Franz Haniel & Cie, 1982–2001, head, tax department; chairman of board, 2001–.
L. Phillip Humann 1946— Biography
Career: Trust Company of Georgia (later renamed SunTrust), 1969–?; Trust Company Bank, 1985–1989, chairman and chief executive officer; SunTrust Banks, 1989–, president and chief executive officer.
Franz B. Humer 1946— Biography
Career: ICME Zurich, 1971–1973; Schering Plough Corporation, 1973–1981, assistant to the vice president (Europe, Africa, Middle East), general manager (Ecuador, UK, Portugal); Glaxo Wellcome, 1981–1995, area controller, head of group product licensing, director of marketing development and product licensing, managing director of Glaxo Pharmaceutical Limited, director of Glaxo Holding, chief operating director of Glaxo Holding; Roche Group, 1995–, member of the corporate executive committee, head of the pharmaceuticals division; 1996–1998, COO; 1998–, CEO; 2001–, chairman of the board of directors.
Nobuyuki Idei 1937— Biography
Family: Father was international economics professor at Waseda University; married Teruyo; children: one.
Robert Iger 1951— Biography
Family: Married Susan (maiden name unknown; divorced 1994); married Willow Bay (TV news anchor), 1995; children: four (first marriage, two; second marriage, two).
Jeffrey R. Immelt 1956— Biography
Family: Son of Joseph Immelt (manager of General Electric Aircraft Engines Division) and Donna (schoolteacher; maiden name unknown); married Andrea Allen (General Electric customer-service representative), 1986; children: one.
Ray R. Irani 1935— Biography
Education: American Institute of Beirut, BS, 1953; University of Southern California, PhD, 1957.
Michael J. Jackson 1949— Biography
Career: Mercedes-Benz North America, 1974–1979, technical specialist and, later, job in marketing; Euro Motorcars, 1979–1990, managing partner; Mercedes-Benz North America, 1990–1997, variety of marketing positions, including executive vice president, marketing; Mercedes-Benz USA, 1997–1999, president and, later, CEO; AutoNation, 1999, CEO and director; 2003–, CEO, director, and chairman.
Tony James 1951— Biography
Education: Harvard College, BA, 1973; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1975.
Charles H. Jenkins Jr. 1944— Biography
Education: Emory University, BBA, 1964; MBA, 1965; Harvard, PhD, 1969.
David Ji 1952— Biography
Address: 2919 East Philadelphia Street, Ontario, California 91761; http://www.apexdigitalinc.com.
Jiang Jianqing Biography
Education: Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, BS; Shanghai Jiaotong University, MS.
Steve Jobs 1955— Biography
Family: Adopted son of Paul (bill collector) and Clara (accountant) Jobs; married Laurene Powell; children: four.
Jeffrey A. Joerres 1960— Biography
Career: IBM Corporation, 1983–1987, various management positions; ARI Network Services, 1987–1993, vice president of sales and marketing; Manpower, 1993–1995, vice president of marketing, 1995–1998, senior vice president of Major Account Development, 1998–1999, senior vice president of European Operations, 1999–2001, CEO and president, 2001–, chairman, CEO, and president.
Leif Johansson 1951— Biography
Family: Son of Lennart (business executive and industrialist) and Inger Hedberg Johansson; married Eva Birgitta Fjellman; children: five.
Abby Johnson 1961— Biography
Education: Hobart and William Smith College, BA, 1984; Harvard University, MBA, 1988.
John D. Johnson 1949— Biography
Career: Western Electric, 1970–1974, production supervisor; ConAgra, 1974–1976, feed salesman; Farmers Union Grain Terminal Association, 1976–1981, feed consultant; 1981–1986, regional sales manager; 1986–1989, director of sales; 1989–1992, vice president and general manager, GTA Feeds; Harvest States Cooperatives, 1992–1994, vice president, farm marketing and supply division; 1994–1998, president and chief executive officer; Cenex Harvest States Cooperatives (later CHS), 1998–2000, president and general manager; 2000–, president and chief executive officer.
John H. Johnson 1918— Biography
Family: Son of Leroy Johnson (sawmill worker and laborer) and Gertrude Johnson Williams (domestic); married Eunice Walker; children: two.
Robert L. Johnson 1946— Biography
Education: University of Illinois, BA, 1968; Princeton University, MPA, 1972.
William R. Johnson 1949— Biography
Education: University of California–Los Angeles, BA, 1971; University of Texas–Austin, MBA, 1974.
Lawrence R. Johnston 1949— Biography
Career: General Electric (GE), 1972, management trainee; 1972–1978, retail-sales management in GE Appliances (GEA); 1979–1983, marketing manager; 1983–1989, merchandising manager for Washington, D.C., then Cleveland, Ohio, regions, then manager of GEA's Eastern Sales and Distribution, president of International GE Puerto Rico, general manager of Domestic Sales Operations; 1989–1997, vice president of sales and distribution for GEA and corporate vice president; 1997–1999, president and CEO of GE Medical Systems, Europe; 1999–2000, president and CEO of GEA and corporate senior vice president; Albertsons, 2001–, chairman and CEO.
Jeff Jordan 1959— Biography
Career: Boston Consulting Group, 1987–1990, consultant; Walt Disney Company, 1990–1998, various positions, senior vice president and chief financial officer, The Disney Store; Hollywood Entertainment Corporation, 1998–1999, chief financial officer, president, Reel.com; eBay Inc., 1999–2000, vice president, regionals and services; 2000–, senior vice president, U.S. business.
Michael H. Jordan 1936— Biography
Education: Yale University, BS, 1957; Princeton University, MS, 1959; U.S. Navy Westinghouse Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory, certificate in nuclear engineering, 1960.
Abdallah Jum'ah 1941— Biography
Education: Attended American University of Cairo; American University of Beirut, BA, 1968; attended Harvard Business School, Program for Management Development, 1976; attended King Fahd University of Petroleum and Mineral Resources.
Andrea Jung 1959— Biography
Family: Daughter of Hong Kong–born father (architect) and Shanghai-born mother (pianist and chemical engineer); married Michael Gould (CEO of Bloomingdale's; separated); children: two.
William G. Jurgensen 1952— Biography
Career: Norwest Corporation, 1973–1990, eventually executive vice president; First Chicago NBD Corporation, 1990–1998, chief financial officer and executive vice president; Bank One Corporation, 1998–2000, executive vice president of corporate banking; Nationwide Financial Services and Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company, 2000–, chief executive officer.
Eugene S. Kahn Biography
Career: Gimbel's East, 1971–1973, assistant buyer; 1973–1976, buyer; Bamberger's Department Store, 1976–1984, buyer, then held various merchandising positions; 1984–1988, senior vice president and general merchandise manager; Macy's Northeast, 1988–1989, group senior vice president; Macy's South/Bullock's, 1989–1990, group senior vice president; May Department Stores Company, 1990–1992, president and CEO of G. Fox division; 1992–1996, president and CEO of Filene's division; 1996–1997, vice chairman; 1997–1998, executive vice chairman; 1998–, president, CEO and chairman.
Akinobu Kanasugi 1941— Biography
Education: Keio University, BS, 1964; University of California, Los Angeles, MBA, 1967.
Isao Kaneko 1938— Biography
Career: Japan Airlines Company, 1958–1998, industrial relations and human resources; 1998–2002, president; Japan Airlines Systems Company, 2002–2004, CEO; Japan Airlines International Company, 2004–, chairman and CEO.
Ryotaro Kaneko 1939— Biography
Career: Meiji Life Insurance Company, 1994, managing director, 1994–1998, senior managing director; 1998–2004, president; Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group, 2001–, director; auditor with Japanese Institute for Overseas Investment; Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company, 2004–, president.
Mel Karmazin 1943— Biography
Family: Married (wife's name unknown; divorced 1996); children: two.
Karen Katen 1948— Biography
Career: Pfizer, 1974–1983, marketing associate in Roerig Division, then marketing and general-management positions; 1983–1986, vice president of marketing; 1986–1991, vice president and director of operations; 1991–1993, vice president and general manager; 1993–, executive vice president of Pfizer Pharmaceuticals Group; 1995–, president of Pfizer Global Pharmaceuticals and corporate executive vice president.
Jeffrey Katzenberg 1950— Biography
Family: Son of a stockbroker and a tapestry artist (names unknown); married Marilyn Siegel (schoolteacher); children: two.
Jim Kavanaugh 1963— Biography
Career: Major Indoor Soccer League, 1986–1987, player; Future Electronics, 1988–1990, sales manager; World Wide Technology, 1990–1999, president; Telcobuy.com, 1999–2002, CEO; World Wide Technology, 2002–, CEO.
Robert Keegan 1947— Biography
Education: Le Moyne College, BS, c. 1969; University of Rochester, MBA, 1972.
Herb Kelleher 1931— Biography
Education: Wesleyan University, BA, 1953; New York University, LLB, 1956.
Edmund F. Kelly 1946— Biography
Education: Queen's University, Belfast, bachelor's degree; Massachusetts Institute of Technology, PhD.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky 1963— Biography
Family: Son of a construction worker and a production engineer; married twice; children: four.
Naina Lal Kidwai 1957— Biography
Family: Daughter of an insurance company CEO; married Rashid K. Kidwai (managing director); children: two.
Kerry K. Killinger 1949— Biography
Career: Bankers Life Insurance Company of Nebraska, 1972–1975, investment analyst; Murphey Favre, 1976–1982, securities analyst, then executive vice president; Washington Mutual, 1983–1986, executive vice president of financial management, investor relations, and corporate marketing; 1986–1988, senior vice president; 1988–1990, director; 1990–1991, president and chief executive officer; 1991–, chairman, president, and chief executive officer.
James M. Kilts 1948— Biography
Education: Knox College, BA, 1970; University of Chicago, MBA, 1974.
Eric Kim 1954— Biography
Education: Harvey Mudd College, BS; University of California–Los Angeles, MS; Harvard, MBA.
Kim Jung-tae 1947— Biography
Career: Cho Hung Bank, 1974–1976, research clerk; Daishin Securities Company, 1976–1982, eventually executive director; Dongwon Securities, 1982–1997, eventually vice president of Dongwon Venture Capital; 1997–1998, CEO; Housing & Commercial Bank, 1998–2001, CEO and president; Kookmin Bank, 2001–, CEO and president.
Ewald Kist 1944— Biography
Family: Son of a Netherlands Supreme Court justice; married Ammy (a lawyer); children: five.
Gerard J. Kleisterlee 1946— Biography
Career: Royal Philips Electronics, 1974–1981, manufacturing management in Medical Systems; 1981–1986, general manager of Professional Audio Systems; 1986–1994, general manager of Display Components Europe; 1994–1996, managing director of Display Components Worldwide; 1996–1999, president in Taiwan; 1996–1999, regional manager of Components in Asia Pacific; 1999–2000, president and CEO of Components; 2000–2001, executive vice president and COO; 2001–, chair of management board and president.
Lowry F. Kline 1940— Biography
Family: Son of James Franklin Kline; married Jane (maiden name unknown); children: three.
Philip H. Knight 1938— Biography
Education: University of Oregon, BBA, 1959; Stanford University, MBA, 1962.
Charles Koch 1935— Biography
Education: Massachusetts Institute of Technology, BA, 1957; MA, 1958; MA, 1959.
Richard Jay Kogan 1941— Biography
Education: City College of the City University of New York, BA, 1963; Stern School of Business at New York University, MBA, 1968.
John Koo 1946— Biography
Born: December 11, 1946, in Jinjoo, Kyongsang Nambo province, Korea.
Timothy Koogle 1951— Biography
Education: University of Virginia, Charlottesville, BS, 1973; Stanford University, MS, 1975, PhD, 1977.
Hans-Joachim Körber 1946— Biography
Career: R. A. 
Richard M. Kovacevich 1943— Biography
Career: General Mills, planner; GM, mergers and acquisitions; division manager; Citicorp Group, executive; Norwest, 1986–1989, vice chairman and head of banking group; 1986–1993, chief operations officer; 1989–1993, president; 1993–1998, chief executive officer; 1995–1998, chairman; Wells Fargo & Company, 1998–2001, president; 1998–, chief executive officer; 2001–, chairman.
Dennis Kozlowski 1946— Biography
Family: Son of Leo Kelly (investigator) and Agnes (Kozell; school crossing guard) Kozlowski; married Angeles Suarez (divorced); married Karen Lee Mayo (waitress), 2000; children: two (first marriage).
Sallie Krawcheck 1965— Biography
Education: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, BA, 1987; Columbia University, MBA, 1992.
Ronald L. Kuehn Jr. 1935— Biography
Born: April 6, 1935, in New York City, New York.
Ken Kutaragi 1950— Biography
Family: Son of the owners of family printing business (names unknown).
Alan J. Lacy 1953— Biography
Education: Georgia Institute of Technology, BS, 1975; Emory University, MBA, 1977.
A. G. Lafley 1947— Biography
Education: Hamilton College, BA, 1969; Harvard Business School, MBA, 1977.
Igor Landau 1944— Biography
Career: La Compagnie du Roneo, 1968–1970, president; McKinsey & Company, 1971–1975, consultant; Rhône-Poulenc Group, 1975–1977, deputy to the president in health division; 1977–1980, executive vice president in health division; 1980–1992, president of health division; 1992–1998, president; Aventis, 1998–2002, president of pharmaceutical division, board member; 2002–2004, chairman and CEO; Sanofi-Aventis, 2004–, board member.
Robert W. Lane 1949— Biography
Education: Wheaton College, BBA, 1972; University of Chicago, MBA, 1974.
Sherry Lansing 1944— Biography
Family: Daughter of Norton and Margo L. Heimann; married William Friedkin (film director), 1991; children: two.
Jean Laurent 1944— Biography
Education: École Nationale Supérieure de l'Aéronautique; Wichita State University, MS.
Kase L. Lawal 1954— Biography
Education: Texas Southern University, BS, 1976; Prairie View A&M, MBA, 1978.
Rob Lawes 1967— Biography
Career: Video Arts Television, 1986–1989, runner, chief accountant; HIT Entertainment, 1989–, various positions, including director of finance, director of corporate development, commercial director, and chief executive officer.
Ken Lay 1942— Biography
Education: University of Missouri, BA, 1964; MA, 1965; University of Houston, PhD, 1970.
Shelly Lazarus 1947— Biography
Family: Daughter of Lewis Braff (a certified public accountant) and Sylvia; married George Lazarus (pediatrician), 1970; children: three.
Terry Leahy 1956— Biography
Education: University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology, BS.
Lee Yong-kyung 1943— Biography
Education: Seoul National University, BS, 1964; University of Oklahoma, MS, 1969; University of California, Berkeley, PhD, 1975.
David J. Lesar 1954— Biography
Career: Arthur Andersen Company, 1978–1993, commercial group director and partner; Halliburton Energy Services, 1993–1995, executive vice president of finance and administration; Halliburton Company, 1995–1996, executive vice president and chief financial officer; Brown and Root, 1996–1997, president and chief executive officer; Halliburton Company, 1997–2000, president and chief operating officer; 2000–, chairman of the board, president, and chief executive officer.
R. Steve ca. Letbetter 1959— Biography
Career: Haskins & Sells, ?–1977, certified public accountant; Houston Light & Power, 1974–1977, assistant secretary and assistant treasurer; 1977–1978, assistant comptroller; 1978–1983, comptroller; 1981–1983, vice president; 1983–1988, vice president, regulatory relations; 1988–1993, group vice president, finance and regulatory relations; 1993–1997, president and chief executive officer; Houston Industries, 1997–2000, president and chief operating officer; Reliant Energy, 1999–2000, president; 2000–2002, chairman, president, and chief executive officer; Reliant Resources, 2002–2003, chairman and chief executive officer.
Gerald Levin 1939— Biography
Education: Haverford College, BA, 1960; University of Pennsylvania, LLB, 1963.
Arthur Levinson 1950— Biography
Education: University of Washington, BS, 1972; Princeton University, PhD, 1977.
Kenneth D. Lewis 1947— Biography
Education: Georgia State University, BS, 1969; Stanford University, graduate of Executive Program.
Victor Li 1964— Biography
Career: Husky Energy Incorporated, 1987–2001, director; 2001–, cochairman; Hopewell Holdings, 1991–2002, director; Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings, Limited, 1996–, chairman; Cheung Kong Life Sciences International, 1996– chairman; Hutchison Whampoa Limited, 1995–, executive director; 1999–, deputy chairman and director.
Li Ka-shing 1928— Biography
Family: Son of Li Yunjing (primary school head); married Amy Li Ching Yuiet-ming (founding director of Cheung Kong Holdings; deceased 1990); children: two.
Alfred C. Liggins III 1965— Biography
Education: Attended University of California, Los Angeles, and University of the District of Columbia; University of Pennsylvania, MBA, 1995.
Liu Chuanzhi 1944— Biography
Career: Chinese Academy of Sciences, 1966–1968, researcher; state-owned rice farm, 1968–1970, laborer; Chinese Academy of Sciences, 1970–1984, engineer-administrator; 1984–2004, Legend Group Holdings Company, chairman; 1984–, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Computer Technology Research Institute, director; 2004–, Lenovo Group, chairman.
J. Bruce Llewellyn 1927— Biography
Education: City University of New York, BS; New York Law School, JD, 1960; Columbia University, MBA; New York University, MPA.
Lu Weiding Biography
Address: Ninwei Town, Xiaoshan, Zhejiang, China 311215; http://www.wanxiang.com/group.html.
Iain Lumsden 1946— Biography
Family: Son of John Alexander Lumsden (insurance broker) and Helen (maiden name unknown); married Rosemary Hoey, 1970; children: two.
Terry J. Lundgren 1952— Biography
Career: Federated Department Stores, Bullock's division, 1975–1987; Bullocks Wilshire, 1987, president; Neiman Marcus, 1988–1994, chairman and CEO; Federated Merchandising Group, 1994–1996, head; 1997–2001, chief merchandising officer; 1997–, president; 2002, COO; 2003–, CEO; 2004–, chairman.















EXP Laurence E. Hirsch Insider Trades for Eagle Materials Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Eagle Materials Inc.

                  NYSE: EXP
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Eagle Materials Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:27 p.m.


EXP

/quotes/zigman/338149/composite


$
92.32




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 24,937
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/338149/composite
Previous close

$
			93.41
		


$
				92.32
			
Change

-1.09
-1.17%





Day low
Day high
$91.82
$93.29










52 week low
52 week high

            $73.27
        

            $110.64
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Laurence E. Hirsch



Mr. Laurence E. Hirsch is Independent Director at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., Chairman at Highlander Partners LP, Chairman at Eagle Materials, Inc., and Chairman at Center for European Policy Analysis. He is on the Board of Directors at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Hirsch co-founded Highlander Partners in April 2004 after he retired from the position of CEO and Chairman of the Board of Centex Corporation, one of the largest homebuilding and related financial services companies in the U.S at that time (in 2009 Centex was acquired by Pulte Homes Inc.). Mr. Hirsch had served as Centex’s CEO since 1988 and as Chairman since 1991. He joined the company in 1985 as President, COO and a Board member.
Prior to Centex, Mr. Hirsch served as President, CEO, and a director of Southdown, Inc., a cement and oil and gas producer. He successfully transformed Southdown, Inc. from a struggling conglomerate into the country’s premier domestically-owned cement producer, which was later acquired by Cemex, S.A. de C.V. Prior to that, he was a partner at Bracewell and Patterson, a Houston-based law firm.
Currently, Mr. Hirsch also serves on the boards of directors of A. H. Belo Corporation, a newspaper publishing company, and an Advisory Director of the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies.
Mr. Hirsch holds a BS in Economics from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania as well as a JD, cum laude, from the Villanova University School of Law and a Masters Degree in International Public Policy from Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. He received the Bene Merito award from the government of Poland in 2010.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/26/2017
24,850


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $24.96 per share.


620,256


05/12/2017
11


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/20/2017
11


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/10/2016
12


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/26/2016
94,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


08/04/2016
862


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/22/2016
13


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/13/2016
15


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/18/2016
13,793


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $68.11 per share.


939,442


03/18/2016
6,239


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $37.95 per share.


236,770


03/18/2016
25,352


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $27.72 per share.


702,757


01/22/2016
22


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/06/2015
16


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/06/2015
804


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/22/2015
14


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/05/2015
28,700


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $24.79 per share.


711,473


05/08/2015
13


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/23/2015
16


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/07/2014
13


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/07/2014
662


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/18/2014
12


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/07/2014
13


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/07/2014
39,900


 
Disposition at $90.68 per share.


3,618,132


03/06/2014
20,100


 
Disposition at $90.49 per share.


1,818,849


02/27/2014
8,215


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $87.27 per share.


716,924


02/27/2014
17,584


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $40.78 per share.


717,075


01/24/2014
14


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/07/2013
14


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


08/12/2013
868


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/22/2013
16


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/03/2013
16


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/23/2013
17


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/27/2012
300,000


 
Disposition at $54.15 per share.


16,245,000


11/27/2012
667,575


 
Acquisition at $54.15 per share.


36,149,186


11/27/2012
667,575


 
Disposition at $54.15 per share.


36,149,187


11/02/2012
21


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/20/2012
28


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. David B. Powers 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Michael  Haack 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Dale Craig Kesler 
Chief Financial Officer & EVP-Administration




Mr. Franklin D. Green 
Vice President-Engineering & Technology




Mr. Gerald J. Essl 
Executive VP-Cement, Aggregates & Concrete




Mr. George J. Damiris 
Director




Mr. William R. Devlin 
Chief Accounting Officer, Senior VP & Controller




Mr. Robert S. Stewart 
EVP-Strategy, Development & Communications




Mr. James H. Graass 
Secretary, Executive VP & General Counsel




Mr. Laurence E. Hirsch 
Chairman




Mr. Richard Ross Stewart 
Vice Chairman




Mr. Richard  Beckwitt 
Independent Director




Mr. Martin M. Ellen 
Independent Director




Mr. Ed H. Bowman 
Independent Director




Mr. F. William Barnett 
Independent Director




Mr. Mike R. Nicolais 
Independent Director
















Log In




10:08 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































 




Highlander Partners |   Laurence E. HirschChairman


































































  English English en  polski Polish pl


Overview

North America and United Kingdom: Private Equity

Team


Central Europe: Private Equity

Team




Investment Criteria

Investment Criteria
Investment Philosophy
Opportunities for Executives


Investment Team
PORTFOLIO COMPANIES

Portfolio Companies
Management Testimonials


NEWS
CONTACT US
 













Laurence E. HirschChairman




You are here: Home » Portfolio Companies » Investment Team US » Laurence E. HirschChairman 


    


July 31, 2012
Responsibilities
As a co-founder and Chairman with more than 40 years of domestic and international experience leading operations of complex organizations, Larry focuses on the overall strategic direction and planning of the firm. He plays an active role on the firm’s management and investment committee and its overall approval of each of the firm’s investments in North America and Central Europe.
Experience
Larry co-founded Highlander Partners in April 2004, after retiring as CEO and Chairman of the Board of Centex Corporation, one of the largest homebuilding and related financial services companies in the United States. He joined Centex in 1985 as President, COO and a board member. In 1988, he was appointed as Centex’s CEO and as Chairman in 1991. Prior to joining Centex, Larry served as President, CEO and a director of Southdown Inc., a cement and oil and gas producer. He successfully transformed Southdown from a struggling conglomerate into one of the country’s premier domestically-owned cement producers, which was later acquired by Cemex, S.A. de C.V. Prior to that, he was a partner at Bracewell and Patterson, a Houston-based law firm.
Board and Civic Memberships (Current and Past)
Board
Eagle Materials, Inc. (NYSE: EXP), current Chairman
Freddie Mac (NYSE: FRE), post-conservatorship, past
Belo Corp. (NYSE: BLC), past
Centex Corporation (NYSE: CTX), past Chairman
Civic
Center for European Policy Analysis, current Chairman
Bene Merito Award-Poland 2010
Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, current
Founders Award–2011
Education
J.D., cum laude, Villanova University School of Law
Masters in International Public Policy (M.I.P.P.), Johns Hopkins University
B.S. in Economics, The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania


Array Likes/0 Tweets/posted in Investment Team US 







← Ascend Custom Extrusions LLCWylie, Texas, USAInvestment Type: Equity, MezzanineProvider of custom aluminum extrusions to various industries. (previous entry)				

(next entry) Michael R. NicolaisVice Chairman and CEO → 
 

Related Entries


Robert B. KoudelkaAnalyst




Michael R. NicolaisVice Chairman and...




Jeff L. HullPresident and Managing...




Mark A. BlanchatPartner






Contact Information Back to Top

North America
300 Crescent Court, Suite 550
   Dallas, TX 75201
   tel: (214) 245-5000
   fax: (214) 245-5015
mblanchat@highlander-partners.com



 
Central Europe
plac Marszałka Józefa Piłsudskiego 2
00-078 Warszawa, Poland
tel: +48 22 521 04 20
dwalendowski@highlander-partners.com

Quick LinksOverview
Investment Criteria
Investment Team
Portfolio Companies
News
Contact Us
Sitemap







© Copyright Highlander Partners, L.P. All rights reserved.

































Laurence E. Hirsch - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Laurence E. Hirsch
Board Member at Eagle Materials Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Laurence E. Hirsch? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Laurence E. Hirsch's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Laurence E. Hirsch's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Laurence E. Hirsch's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Laurence E. Hirsch through your network of contacts.
												








Laurence E. Hirsch's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Eagle Materials Inc.


Past
To view Laurence E. Hirsch's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
71

 
 


Laurence E. Hirsch's Biography



Mr. Hirsch is Chairman of Highlander Partners, a private investment company. He has served as Chairman of our Board of Directors from July 1999 to the present and also served in that capacity from January 1994 through December 1997. He was our interim Chief Executive Officer from April 2003 through September 2003. Mr. Hirsch is a member of the Executive Committee of our Board of Directors. Until his retirement on March 31, 2004, Mr. Hirsch served Centex Corporation in various capacities, including as President beginning in 1985, as Chief Executive Officer beginning in July 1988 and as Chairman of its board of directors beginning in July 1991. ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Hirsch is Chairman of Highlander Partners, a private investment company. He has served as Chairman of our Board of Directors from July 1999 to the present and also served in that capacity from January 1994 through December 1997. He was our interim Chief Executive Officer from April 2003 through September 2003. Mr. Hirsch is a member of the Executive Committee of our Board of Directors. Until his retirement on March 31, 2004, Mr. Hirsch served Centex Corporation in various capacities, including as President beginning in 1985, as Chief Executive Officer beginning in July 1988 and as Chairman of its board of directors beginning in July 1991. Mr. Hirsch served as a director of Belo Corp. from August 1999 through January 2008 and continued as a director of A. H. Belo until May 2011. Mr. Hirsch served as a director of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac) from November 2009 until February 2012. Mr. Hirsch is currently Chairman of the Center for European Policy Analysis. Mr. Hirsch brings to the Board his extensive executive experience gained through his service as the CEO of a public company. In addition, Mr. Hirsch brings extensive knowledge of the Company through having served as our Chairman for 20 years. Mr. Hirsch also brings valuable experience as an executive officer within the construction products industry and his knowledge of corporate governance and financial oversight gained from his membership on the boards of other public companies.
		
Source: Eagle Materials Inc. on 06/17/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Laurence E. Hirsch's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Laurence E. Hirsch. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Laurence E. Hirsch's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Laurence E. Hirsch's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Laurence E. Hirsch through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Laurence E. Hirsch


















Laurence E. Hirsch's Connections (135)





Sign up now to view Laurence E. Hirsch's 135 connections »









Judith B. Craven
Board Member, Sysco Corporation









Josiah O. Low
Former Board Member, Rosetta Resources, Inc.









Jerry Weiss
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, Freddie Mac









M. Anne Szostak
Board Member, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.









Ross J. Kari
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Freddie Mac









Christopher S. Lynch
Board Member, American International Group, Inc.









William L. Roper
Board Member, DaVita HealthCare Partners









Carolyn H. Byrd
Board Member, Regions Financial Corporation









Thomas M. Schoewe
Board Member, KKR & Co









Paige H. Wisdom
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Enterprise Risk Officer, Freddie Mac








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Laurence E. Hirsch J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 10:08 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Highlander Partners, L.P.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Laurence E. Hirsch J.D.Co-Founder and Chairman, Highlander Partners, L.P.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 9 different industries.See Board Relationships71--
Background

		Mr. Laurence E. Hirsch, J.D., also known as Larry, serves as a Co-Founder of Highlander Partners, L.P and serves as its Chairman since April 2004. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of CXP since April 1, 2003. Mr. Hirsch served as the Chief Executive Officer of Centex Corporation from 1988 July to March 31, 2004 and its President from March 1985 to July 1991. He has been the Chairman of Eagle Materials Inc. (formerly Centex Construction Products Inc.) since July ... 1999. He serves as the Chairman of the Board at Center for European Policy Analysis. He has been a Director at Eagle Materials Inc. since 1985. Mr. Hirsch serves as a Director of Commercial Metals Company. He serves as an Advisory Director at Heidelberger Zement AG. He serves as a Trustee of BlackRock Investors, Inc. He served as a Trustee of University of Pennsylvania. He served as the Chairman of the Board at Centex Corporation from 1991 July to March 31, 2004 and CXP board from January 1994 to December 1997 and since July 1999. He served as a Director of Freddie Mac since December 18, 2008, A. H. Belo Corporation from December 2007 to May 18, 2011, Centex Corporation Director from 1985 to March 31, 2004, ENVOY Corporation since February 1995, Old Envoy from 1987 to June 6, 1995, Luminex Corporation from December 1996 to March 17, 2005, Belo Corp. from August 1999 to January 2008 and Cavco Industries Inc. He served as a Member of Advisory Council at HeidelbergCement AG. Mr. Hirsch received a B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a J.D. from the Villanova University School of Law.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
300 Crescent CourtDallas, Texas 75201United StatesPhone: 214-245-5000Fax: 214-245-5015
Board Members Memberships
Co-Founder and ChairmanHighlander Partners, L.P.ChairmanCenter for European Policy Analysis1985-PresentChairmanEagle Materials Inc.
Education
Master's Degree Johns Hopkins UniversityBS University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolJD Villanova University School of Law
Other Affiliations
Envoy LLCCentex LLCBelo Corp.Cavco Industries, Inc.Federal Home Loan Mortgage CorporationEagle Materials Inc.Luminex CorporationUniversity of PennsylvaniaJohns Hopkins UniversityHeidelbergCement AGUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolVillanova University School of LawA.H. Belo CorporationCenter for European Policy Analysis


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Highlander Partners, L.P., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Freddie Mac Director Laurence E. Hirsch Will Not Seek Re-Election 
         










    










 






 











 









Freddie Mac Director Laurence E. Hirsch Will Not Seek Re-Election

Oct 24, 2011, 16:30 ET
		  		  									
						 from   Freddie Mac 











 
















































 

 




















 


MCLEAN, Va., Oct. 24, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Freddie Mac (OTC: FMCC) announced today that one of its directors, Laurence E. Hirsch, will not seek re-election to the company's board of directors when his current term expires.
Hirsch notified the company on October 18, 2011, that he does not wish to stand for re-election.  He joined Freddie Mac's board of directors in December 2008, and was most recently re-elected on February 17, 2011, by written consent of the company's conservator, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, to a term that will end on the date of the company's next annual meeting of stockholders or on the date that the conservator next executes a written consent for the purpose of electing directors, whichever occurs first.  Hirsch told the board that he is stepping down at the end of his term because of increased professional and personal commitments.
A veteran finance executive who has held leadership positions in the homebuilding, real estate and investment industries, Hirsch provided Freddie Mac's board of directors hands-on experience and an understanding of customer relationships and the broader housing industry, said Freddie Mac Chairman John A. Koskinen.
"Larry has been an invaluable resource on Freddie Mac's board of directors at a time when the company is playing a vital role providing liquidity and stability to a fragile housing finance market," Koskinen said.  "All of us at Freddie Mac thank Larry for his service to the company and to the country, and we wish him the best."
Hirsch is the chairman of Eagle Materials Inc., and has served as chairman of Highlander Partners, L.P., a private equity firm, since April 2004.  Previously, Hirsch was chief executive officer of Centex Corporation, a large homebuilder, from 1988 until his retirement in March 2004, and its chairman from 1991 until March 2004.  Additionally, he is chairman of the Center for European Policy Analysis, in Washington, D.C.
Freddie Mac was established by Congress in 1970 to provide liquidity, stability and affordability to the nation's residential mortgage markets. Freddie Mac supports communities across the nation by providing mortgage capital to lenders. Over the years, Freddie Mac has made home possible for one in six homebuyers and more than five million renters.  www.FreddieMac.com
 SOURCE  Freddie Mac  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.freddiemac.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 26, 2011, 08:30 ET
Preview: Freddie Mac Issues Monthly Volume Summary for September 2011













Oct 24, 2011, 09:15 ET
Preview: Freddie Mac Statement on Federal Housing Finance Agency Announcement of HARP Program Changes






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 


Laurence E. Hirsch, horoscope for birth date 19 December 1945, born in New York NY, with Astrodatabank biography - Astro-Databank

























Hirsch, Laurence E.

From Astro-Databank


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

 



Laurence E. Hirschnatal chart (noon, no houses)natal chart English style (noon, no houses)




 Name 



Hirsch, Laurence E.
Gender:  M



 born on 
 19 December 1945


 Place 
 New York NY, USA, 40n42,  74w00 


 Timezone 
 EST h5w (is standard time)


 Data source 



Date w/o time



Rodden Rating X


Collector: Hewitt




 Astrology data 
   27°27'   or 

add Laurence E. Hirsch to 'my astro'




Biography
American executive and CEO of Centex Homes, Inc., the largest builder of single-family homes, also industrial contracting and selling of construction products.  Hirsch has a BS in Economics, a JD degree and also is head of a profitable Texas S&L.

Source Notes
Paul Hewitt collection

Categories
 Vocation : Building Trades : Contractor (Homes and industrial)



 
						Retrieved from "http://www.astro.com/wiki/astro-databank/index.php?title=Hirsch,_Laurence_E.&oldid=37694"					
Categories: 1945 birthsBirthday 19 DecemberBirthplace New York NY, USASun 27 SagittariusVocation : Building Trades : Contractor 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Log in (for editors) 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history





More

















Search



 







Navigation


Main pageAll pagesNew pagesRecent changesRandom pageHelpHelp externalto Astrodienst 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage information 






 This page was last modified on 29 May 2002, at 00:00.
Content is available under these permissions. unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About Astro-Databank
Disclaimers



 







   Laurence Hirsch | Centex Corporation | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - Hirsch Laurence E - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Hirsch Laurence E





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-10-26Gift
2016-11-155:44 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
94,000
$0
1,059,121(Indirect)
View


2016-10-26Option Award
2016-11-155:44 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
12
$0
1,059,121(Direct)
View


2016-08-04Option Award
2016-08-087:03 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
862
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-08-04Option Award
2016-08-087:03 pm
2016-08-042026-08-04
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
8,085
$81.28
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-07-22Option Award
2016-07-266:04 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
13
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-05-13Option Award
2016-05-1809:42 am
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
15
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-03-18Exercise
2016-03-226:42 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
25,352
$27.72
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-03-18Exercise
2016-03-226:42 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
6,239
$37.95
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-03-18Tax Withholding
2016-03-226:42 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
13,793
$68.11
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-03-18Exercise
2016-03-226:42 pm
N/A2016-08-06
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
25,352
$27.72
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-03-18Exercise
2016-03-226:42 pm
N/A2016-07-27
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
6,239
$37.95
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2016-01-22Option Award
2016-01-266:52 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
22
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-11-06Option Award
2015-11-106:17 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
16
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-08-06Option Award
2015-08-106:51 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
804
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-08-06Option Award
2015-08-106:51 pm
2015-08-062025-08-06
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
7,972
$79.73
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-07-22Option Award
2015-07-246:52 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
14
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-06-05Exercise
2015-06-098:37 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
28,700
$24.78
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-06-05Exercise
2015-06-098:37 pm
N/A2015-08-06
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
28,700
$24.78
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-05-08Option Award
2015-05-126:50 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
13
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View


2015-01-23Option Award
2015-01-277:20 pm
N/AN/A
Eagle Materials Inc
EXP
Hirsch Laurence EDirector
16
$0
1,153,121(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 22 Jul 2017 21:08:26 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















laurence e hirsch - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










Laurence Hirsch's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know Laurence Hirsch's possible criminal history is online



Web Results

Highlander Partners | Laurence E. HirschChairman

highlander-partners.com/portfolio-companies/laurence-e-hirsch-chairman


Laurence E. Hirsch Chairman. You are here: Home ...


Hirsch, Laurence E. - The Wall Street Transcript

https://www.twst.com/bio/laurence-e-hirsch


LAURENCE E. HIRSCH was elected Chairman of the Board of Centex Corporation in July 1991. Mr. Hirsch has been Chief Executive Officer of Centex Corporation since July ...


Laurence E. Hirsch J.D.: Executive Profile & Biography ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?personId=...


Mr. Laurence E. Hirsch, J.D., also known as Larry, serves as a Co-Founder of Highlander Partners, L.P and serves as its Chairman since April 2004. He served as the ...


Laurence E. Hirsch 1946— Biography - From courtroom to ...

www.referenceforbusiness.com/biography/F-L/Hirsch-Laurence-E-1946.html


Encyclopedia of Business, 2nd ed. Laurence E. Hirsch 1946— Biography: F-L


Laurence E. Hirsch - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/laurence-hirsch-eagle-materials/salary/47662


View Laurence E. Hirsch, Board Member at Eagle Materials Inc., Dallas, TX, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Eagle Materials Inc. and ...


EXP Laurence E. Hirsch Insider Trades for Eagle Materials Inc.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/exp/insiders?pid=77374826


Mr. Laurence E. Hirsch is Independent Director at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp., Chairman at Highlander Partners LP, Chairman at Eagle Materials, Inc., and ...


Laurence E. Hirsch - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/laurence-e-hirsch


Laurence E. Hirsch was paid $554,727 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


BRIEF-Eagle Materials Inc says Laurence E. Hirsch ...

www.reuters.com/article/brief-eagle-materials-inc-says-laurence...


June 16 (Reuters) - Eagle Materials Inc: * Eagle Materials Inc - on June 16, Laurence E. Hirsch, chairman, informed he has decided to retire from board


Laurence Hirsch - President for Hirsch Family Foundation

https://www.corporationwiki.com/Texas/Dallas/laurence-e-hirsch...


View Laurence E Hirsch's profile for company associations, background information, and partnerships. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive ...


Laurence E. Hirsch - TheLawyerBoard – Public Profiles of ...

www.thelawyerboard.com/corp/245045.html


Laurence E. Hirsch is a lawyer of Pennsylvania. Laurence E. Hirsch is located at 2401 Pennsylvania Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19130. The lawyer's status is listed as Inactive.










Laurence Hirsch's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know Laurence Hirsch's possible criminal history is online


12345Next






Answers







Hirsch



David Hirsch (rabbi) American Edward Hirsch, American poet and academic E. D. Hirsch, American educator and literary critic. Elroy Hirsch, American...

more






E. D. Hirsch



Eric Donald Hirsch, Jr. (born March 22, 1928), usually cited as E. D. Hirsch, is an American educator and academic literary critic. He is professor...

more






Emile Hirsch



Life (2012), Savages (2012), Lone Survivor (2013), Prince Avalanche (2013), and the A&E networks simulcast miniseries Bonnie & Clyde (2013). Early life...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.













laurence e hirsch - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Search Laurence Hirsch - Looking for Laurence Hirsch?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Laurence Hirsch? All You Need is a Name and State.




Hirsch Sale - Up To 70% Off Hirsch.



Ad
 ·
gratefulgoose.com/​Hirsch



Up To 70% Off Hirsch. Your Best Price, Compare





Freezers



Digital Camera



Cookers




Ovens



Dishwasher



Microwave





E Hirsch at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards
















Hirsch




David Hirsch (rabbi) American Edward Hirsch, American poet and academic E. D. Hirsch, American educator and literary critic. Elroy Hirsch, American football

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Laurence E. Hirsch - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/laurence-e-hirsch


Laurence E. Hirsch was paid $554,727 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Eugene B. Shanks, Jr. - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/eugene-b-shanks-jr


Eugene B. Shanks, Jr. was paid $736,539 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Carolyn H. Byrd - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/carolyn-h-byrd


Carolyn H. Byrd was paid $721,860 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Anthony A. Williams - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/anthony-a-williams


Anthony A. Williams was paid $685,151 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Clayton S. Rose - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/clayton-s-rose


Clayton S. Rose was paid $233,153 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Linda B. Bammann - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/linda-b-bammann


Linda B. Bammann was paid $715,289 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Robert R. Glauber - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/robert-glauber


Robert R. Glauber was paid $873,181 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Barbara T. Alexander - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/barbara-t-alexander


Barbara T. Alexander was paid $870,470 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Nicolas P. Retsinas - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/nicolas-p-retsinas


Nicolas P. Retsinas was paid $778,419 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac


Christopher S. Lynch - Pay Pals - The Huffington Post

data.huffingtonpost.com/paypals/christopher-s-lynch


Christopher S. Lynch was paid $1,824,178 to sit on the boards of Freddie Mac and American International Group










Search Laurence Hirsch - Looking for Laurence Hirsch?



Ad
 ·
Search.TruthFinder.com



Looking for Laurence Hirsch? All You Need is a Name and State.




Hirsch Sale - Up To 70% Off Hirsch.



Ad
 ·
gratefulgoose.com/​Hirsch



Up To 70% Off Hirsch. Your Best Price, Compare





Freezers



Digital Camera



Cookers




Ovens



Dishwasher



Microwave





E Hirsch at Amazon - Buy books at Amazon.com and save.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​books



Buy books at Amazon.com and save. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards



12345Next
















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















